By Client: /s/ Natalija Tunevic

Website Design, Development and Hosting Agreement

This Website Design, Development and Hosting Agreement the ("Agreement") is entered into on January 11, 2018 by and between Natalija Tunevic, director of FreeCook (hereinafter referred to as "Client") and Mitchell Vitalis, director of Mitchell's Web Advance, PLC (hereinafter referred to as "Company").

1. Website Design and Development. Client agrees to pay to Company the sum of $5,000 (the "Contract Price") to design and develop a website for Client (the "Client Website") in accordance with the accompanying Scope of Work, attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A.

(a) Change Orders. Any changes to the Scope of Work following the execution of this Agreement requiring Additional Work must be submitted to and accepted by Company in writing as a "Change Order". The costs of any such changes shall be added to the Contract Price. Additional Work shall be defined as the addition or revision of pages, graphics, or other features, any text, graphic or page design or programming requiring more than two rounds of textual or graphical revisions, substantial revisions to text and/or content provided by Client, changes to elements which have been finalized, or significant changes in the Scope of Work.

(b) Due Dates and Delays. Company will use its best efforts to deliver the Client Website in the time frame specified in the Scope of Work. Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018. Client acknowledges and agrees that any due dates set forth in the Scope of Work are subject to delay if Company does not receive the required materials or documentation in a timely manner or in the required format or if approvals are delayed by Client or if the Scope of Work is changed by Client.

(c) Client Submitted Content. All written content submitted by Client for use in the Client Website must be typewritten, proofread and delivered to Company in the body of an email message or as a Microsoft Word electronic document or plaint text electronic document. Any content submitted by Client in any other manner or format, including, but not limited to Adobe PDF format, will be returned to Client for resubmission. Company will not make any attempt to proof read or correct any contextual, grammatical or typographical errors in the written content submitted by Client. It is Client's sole responsibility to check the accuracy of the written content and correct any errors prior to submission for final publication. Company will assume that all the written content submitted by Client has been proofread and is ready for publication. Client may elect to pay Company the Hourly Rate set forth below to type and proofread any written content not submitted in the electronic formats specified above.

(d) Company License and Credit. Client hereby grants to Company a non-exclusive and limited license to use Client's trade names, logos and other trademarks in connection with Company advertising, marketing and promotion of its products and services. Client agrees that any unsolicited positive feedback Client provides to Company may be used in any Company marketing and/or advertising materials (i.e., customer testimonials). Client further agrees that Company may use and display the graphics and other web design elements of Client's website as examples of Company website design and development work. To maintain Company's portfolio credentials, and the integrity of any applicable copyrights, Company shall be entitled to place an unobtrusive credit in the footer on each page of Client's website. 2. Payment Terms. Upon the signing of this Agreement, Client agrees to pay to Company a total of $5,000. Client shall make a prepayment of $1,900 and pay the remaining $3,100 on completion of the Scope of Work.

3. Business Hours; Rush Work. Company representatives are available during Company's normal business hours which are 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. UTC +2, Monday through Friday. Any email or telephone correspondence received after normal business hours will be processed the following business day. Client shall pay an additional surcharge for any services requiring work to be performed outside of normal business hours by reason of a rush deadline requested by Client or as a result of Client's failure to meet scheduled times for delivery and/or review and approval of information, content and materials. The surcharge for rush work shall be the standard hourly rate of $40 plus twenty-five percent (25%).

4. Customer Service. Company, either directly or through its authorized service provider, shall provide customer service (the "Customer Service") relating to Client Website consisting of replying to customer questions or complaints regarding website hosting services during the normal business hours set forth. Company is not obligated to provide any Customer Service except as specified in this Section. Company at its sole discretion may at any time alter or cease providing the Customer Service which it has agreed to provide to Client relating to Client Website pursuant to this Agreement without any liability to Company.

AGREED AND ACCEPTED:

Date: Jan. 11, 2018

Source: FREECOOK, S-1, 6/5/2018





By Company: /s/ Mitchell Vitalis Date: Jan. 11, 2018

Mitchell's Web Advance - Website Design, Development and Hosting Agreement Page 1 of 2 Client: /s/ Natalija Tunevic Company: /s/ Mitchell Vitalis

Source: FREECOOK, S-1, 6/5/2018





Mitchell's Web Advance Website Design, Development and Hosting Agreement

Exhibit A

Scope of Work Development of design of Free Cook

Stage 1: 1. Search for competitors, collecting additional information on the subject. 2. Development of unique style of the Client Website. 3. Development of a logo based on the unique corporate style. 4. Designing UI/UX-practical parts. 5. Development of the main and internal pages of the Client Website.

Stage 2: 6. Emotional design (creation of web-assistants). 7. Adaptive design (mobile version of the Client Website). 8. Design adaptation to other languages. 9. Development of a prototype and interface testing.

Stage 3: 10. Search Engine Optimization.

Mitchell's Web Advance - Website Design, Development and Hosting Agreement Page 2 of 2 Client: /s/ Natalija Tunevic Company: /s/ Mitchell Vitalis

Source: FREECOOK, S-1, 6/5/2018
AMENDMENT 1 TO DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

This is the First Amendment ("First Amendment") to the Development Agreement ("Development Agreement") entered into on April 15, 2010, by  and between Cargill, Incorporated through its Bio Technology Development Center, having its principal place of business at 15407 McGinty Road  West, Wayzata, Minnesota 55391 USA ("Cargill") and BioAmber S.A.S., having a place of business at Route de Bazancourt, F-51110, Pomacle  France ("BioAmber"). This First Amendment will be effective as of July 5, 2011, upon the signature of both Cargill and BioAmber.

Cargill and Bioamber mutually agree as follows:



The Parties, through their authorized representatives, hereby agree to the terms and conditions of this First Amendment.

   Cargill Confidential   * Confidential treatment requested

1. Section 2.2 of the Development Agreement is hereby amended to allow Cargill at its sole discretion to apply [***] during the period of July 5,  2011, through September 30, 2011, to perform the Work Plan in addition to the [***] specified in the unamended Section 2.2. The terms for  compensation and expenses for these additional FTEs will be as provided for the original FTEs in Section 2.2.

2. Other than as expressly modified by this First Amendment, all terms and conditions of the Development Agreement continue without  modification.

CARGILL, INCORPORATED  Bio Technology Development Center     BIOAMBER S.A.S.

/s/ Jack Staboch       /s/ Jim Millis Signature     Signature VP BioTDC     CTO Title     Title 7/14/11     7/18/11





AMENDMENTS TO COMMERCIAL LICENSE AGREEMENT AND DEVELOPMENT   AGREEMENT

WHEREAS, Cargill, Incorporated ("Cargill") and BioAmber S.A.S. ("Bioamber") entered into a Development Agreement having an Effective  Date of April 15 , 2010, as amended on July 5 , 2011 (the "Development Agreement");

WHEREAS, Cargill and Bioamber entered into a Commercial License Agreement having an Effective Date of April 15, 2010 (the "Commercial  License");

WHEREAS, Bioamber now desires to amend the Development Agreement to allow Bioamber to fund a research project being conducted by  the Biotechnology Research Institute ("BRI"), which involves the molecular re-engineering of a Methylotroph owned by BRI and the development  of a lab scale fermentation design for using the re-engineered Methylotroph to make succinic acid or salts thereof from a methanol feedstock (the  "BRI Project"). The BRI Project will be co-funded by funds available from the Canadian National Research Council;

WHEREAS, Bioamber further desires to scale-up the production of succinic acid using a Corynebacteria biocatalyst (MCC-17) available from  Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation ("MCC") and to possibly produce succinic acid or salts using MCC-17 as an alternative to the E. coli BioAmber  has licensed from the DOE at: (1) Bioamber's existing demonstration-scale succinic acid production facility located at Pomacle, France; and (2) a  succinic acid production facility located at Sarnia, Ontario Canada having a maximum production capacity of 35,000 metric tons of succinic acid per  year (the "Sarnia Plant"). Together these scale-up projects will be referred to as the "Scale-up and Production Project";

WHEREAS, Cargill is willing to allow Bioamber to fund the BRI Project and to conduct the Scale-up and Production Project, subject to the  following terms and conditions. Now therefore the Parties agree:

Amendment To the Development Agreement

A. Section 13.9 of the Development Agreement is amended to add the following at the end of the Section:   "Notwithstanding the above, Bioamber may fund the BRI Project up until the Methylotroph (or re-engineered Methylotroph) demonstrates  the ability to produce succinic acid (or salts thereof) from any feedstock at a concentration of [***] grams/liter succinic acid (or salts thereof).  Within thirty (30) days of the Methylotroph (or re-engineered Methylotroph) demonstrating such production levels of succinic acid, Bioamber will  cease any further funding and/or other support for the BRI Project. Further Bioamber will require that any unexpended funds received from  Bioamber be utilized for a project other than the BRI Project.   B. New Section 13.10 is added to the Development Agreement as set forth below:   "13.10 Notwithstanding the provisions of section 13.9, Bioamber may conduct the Scale-up and Production Project, subject to Bioamber hereby  agreeing to convert the demonstration-scale Pomacle France succinic acid production facility and the Sarnia Plant to solely utilize CB1 as the  biocatalyst for the production of succinic acid (and/or salts thereof). This conversion will be carried out according to the provisions of Section 5.9  of the Commercial License, it being understood that all economic obligations of item (iv) above will be relative to the E. coli strain technology, not  the Mitsubishi strain technology. In order to enable such conversion, Bioamber will put in place agreements with the owners/operators of the  Sarnia Plant that will enable Bioamber to require such conversion of the Sarnia Plant to solely use CB1 for the manufacture of succinic acid as  described above."

Amendment To the Commercial License

A. Section 5.9 of the Commercial License is amended to add the following at the end of the Section:

"Bioamber shall use best efforts to obtain regulatory approvals for the use of the CB1 Strain in all countries where Bioamber and/or a Bioamber  licensee are using any strain other than the CB1 strain for the production of succinic acid and/or salts thereof. Additionally, Bioamber shall use  best efforts to scale up the CB1 Strain and fermentation protocols utilizing the CB1 Strain."

Nothing in these amendments will reduce Bioamber's obligations to replace MCC-17 and Bioamber's current E. coli strain with CB1 in all the  existing and future succinic acid production facilities of Bioamber and Bioamber licensees, according to the provisions of Section 5.9 of the  Commercial License.      * Confidential treatment requested

th th





   * Confidential treatment requested

CARGILL, INCORPORATED

By:    /s/ Pirkko Suominen



Name: Pirkko Suominen Title: Director, Bio Technology Development  Center, Minneapolis Date:   10/19/2011

BIOAMBER, SAS

By:    /s/ Jean-François Huc



Name: Jean-François Huc Title: President Date:   October 15, 2011
QuickLinks -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

    EXHIBIT 10.1

Sponsorship Agreement

THIS AGREEMENT made this 5th day of December, 2007, between R. C. Boyd Enterprises, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, whose principal  place of business is located at 2003 Navasota Cove, Westlake, Texas, referred to in this Agreement as "Company" or "Boyd", and Cano Petroleum,  Inc., a Delaware corporation qualified to transact business in Texas, whose principal place of business is located at 801 Cherry Street, Suite 3200,  Fort Worth, Texas 76102, referred to in this agreement as "Sponsor" or "Cano".

WHEREAS, the Company is the owner of the rights to the television production known as Honey Hole (hereinafter "Honey Hole" or "Show");

WHEREAS, Sponsor desires to acquire the exclusive right to be the lead sponsor of the Show at an agreed price and under specified terms and  conditions;

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises, covenants, and agreements set forth in this Agreement, the  Company and Cano agree as follows:

1. Required Production. The Company shall produce no less than forty (40) original episodes of the Show per year;

2. Lead Sponsorship. The Company agrees that Cano shall be identified as the lead sponsor, by having a thirty second lead-in promotion  at the beginning of each episode; a thirty second trailer promotion at the end of each episode; and two thirty second commercials during  each episode.

3. Signage at Public Appearances. The Company agrees that Cano shall be entitled to place signage, up to 6 feet × 10 feet at each public  appearance made by Honey Hole, including four (4) "Kids Corner" children's benefits during the term of this Agreement.

4. Use of Logo. The Company agrees that the Cano logo and slogan shall appear on the primary boat and vehicle used in each episode.  Cano recognizes and agrees that it does not and will not have exclusive rights and that other sponsor's logos may appear on the primary  boat and vehicle. The Company agrees that Cano's logo shall be substantially the same size as other such sponsors;

5. Featured Guests. The Company agrees to feature not less than two (2) persons designated by Cano as guests on not less than six (6)  separate episodes per year.

6. Provision of Lead in Trailer and Commercials. Cano has already provided the Company with voice over lead-in(s), 30 second  commercials and trailers of a quality satisfactory to the Company and content that meets the Company's minimum standards. The Company  shall utilize the already produced lead-in, commercials and trailers.

7. Sales and Other Taxes. The Company will add sales, excise and any other tax or surcharge to its invoices which it is obligated to collect  and remit under the laws of the State of Texas, the United States or any other jurisdiction.

8. Notice. Any notice provided for under the terms of this Agreement by either party to the other shall be in writing and may be effected by  personal delivery in writing or registered or certified mail, return receipt requested. Notice to Boyd shall be sufficient if made or addressed  to 2003 Navasota Cove, Westlake, Texas 76092. Notice to Cano shall be sufficient if made or addressed to Cano Petroleum, Inc., 801 Cherry  Street, Suite 3200, Fort Worth, Texas 76102. Each party may change the address at which notice may be sent to that party by giving notice  of such change to the other party in accordance with the provisions of this Paragraph.

9. Term and Renewal. The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.







  10. Force Majeure. In the event that either party shall be prevented from performing any of its obligations due under the terms of this  Agreement by an act of God, by acts of war, riot, or civil commotion, by an act of State, by strikes, fire, flood, or by the occurrence of any  other event beyond the control of the parties hereto, that party shall be excused from any further performance of the obligations and  undertakings set forth under the terms of this Agreement.

11. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas and venue for  any legal action brought in State Court shall lie exclusively in Tarrant County, Texas and venue for any action brought in federal court shall  lie exclusively in the Northern District of Texas, Fort Worth Division.

12. Rights Cumulative. The rights and remedies granted in this agreement to Cano in the event of default are cumulative, and the exercise  of such rights shall be without prejudice to the enforcement of any other right or remedy authorized by law or this agreement.

13. Attorneys' Fees. If any legal action is brought by either of the parties hereto, it is expressly agreed that the prevailing party in such legal  action shall be entitled to recover from the other party reasonable attorney's fees in addition to any other relief that may be awarded. For  the purposes of this clause, the prevailing party is the party in whose favor final judgment is entered. In the event that declaratory or  injunctive relief alone is granted, the court may determine which, if either, of the parties shall be considered to be the prevailing party. The  amount of reasonable attorney's fees shall be determined by the court, in the trial of such action or in a separate action brought for that  purpose. Attorney's fees awarded under the provisions of this paragraph shall be in addition to any other relief that may be awarded.

14. Multiple Counterparts. This Agreement is executed in duplicate copies, each of which shall be considered a true and original copy of  this Agreement.

15. Payment of Money. In consideration of the services to be rendered under this Agreement as set forth above, the Company shall be  entitled to compensation in the amount of $150,000.00 (One Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars), to be paid in equal installments of $37,500.00  (Thirty Seven Thousand Five Hundred Dollars) on January 1, 2008, April 1, 2008, July 1, 2008 and October 1, 2008. If Cano fails to make any  payment when required by this Agreement, the Company shall have the option of canceling this Agreement following the passage of ten  (10) days after having given Cano written notice of its default. While the Company shall have no further obligation to Cano following  cancellation of the Agreement, Cano shall remain liable for all unpaid installments for the then current term of the Agreement, which  installments shall be immediately due and payable.

16. Exculpatory Clause. The parties agree that Cano will not be liable to the Company or any third party for any injury sustained by the  Company, its employees, independent contractors, invitees or any other third party while preparing for, filming or working on post  production of any episode.

17. Place of Performance. All sums payable under this Agreement shall be paid to the Company at Southlake, Tarrant County, Texas.

18. Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party.

19. Other Agreements. This Agreement supersedes any and all other agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect  to the subject matter of this contract, and contains all of the covenants and agreements between the parties with respect to the subject  matter. Each party to this contract acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, orally or otherwise, have  been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any party, that are

2







  not set forth in this contract, and that no agreement, statement, or promise not contained in this contract shall be valid or binding.

20. Partial Invalidity. If any term or provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or  unenforceable, the remainder of the provisions of this agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected,  impaired, or invalidated.

21. Government Regulation. This Agreement is subject to all applicable federal, state and municipal laws, regulations and ordinances,  whether existing or enacted hereafter, including the rules and regulations of all governmental agencies or commissions having jurisdiction  in matters covered by this Agreement or either of the parties hereto.

This Agreement is executed in duplicate on the 5th day of December, 2007, in Fort Worth, Tarrant County, Texas, to be effective January 1, 2008.

3

    R. C. BOYD ENTERPRISES, LLC        By:   /s/ R.C. Boyd

Printed Name: R.C. Boyd  Title: President        CANO PETROLEUM, INC.        By:   /s/ Jeff Johnson

Printed name: Jeff Johnson  Title: CEO





    QuickLinks

EXHIBIT 10.1
Table of Contents

Exhibit 4.28

SERVICE AGREEMENT

1 OCTOBER 2019

WPP 2005 LIMITED

and

JOHN ROGERS





Table of Contents

CONTENTS Clause Page

1. Interpretation 3 2. Commencement of Appointment 4 3. Executive's Duties 4 4. Place of Work 5 5. Working Hours 5 6. Remuneration 5 7. Expenses 6 8. Pensions 6 9. Insurances 7 10. Sickness Absence 8 11. Holidays 8 12. Other Interests 8 13. Confidential Information 9 14. Intellectual Property 10 15. Termination of Employment 12 16. Garden Leave 14 17. Office as a Director 14 18. Protective Covenants 15 19. Data Protection 15 20. Grievance and Disciplinary Procedure 15 21. Collective Agreements 16 22. General 16

Signatories 16

Schedule

1. Power of Attorney 17 2. Incentive Plans 18 3. Protective Covenants 21





Table of Contents

THIS AGREEMENT is made on 1 October 2019

BETWEEN: (1) WPP 2005 LIMITED (registered number 01003653) whose registered office is at Sea Containers, 19 Upper Ground, London SE1 9GL (the Company) (2) JOHN ROGERS (the Executive).

IT IS AGREED as follows: 1. INTERPRETATION 1.1 In this Agreement:

Appointment means the employment of the Executive by the Company on and subject to the terms of this Agreement;

Board means the board of directors of the Company or any committee of the board duly appointed for the purpose in question, from time to time;

Financial Year means the Company's financial year ending on 31 December each year;

Group means the Company, any holding company of the Company, and any holding company of the holding company from time to time, together with any subsidiary of the Company or its holding company or the holding company of its holding company, and Group Company means any one of them;

holding company and subsidiary shall, as the context so permits, have the meaning given by section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 or under relevant applicable laws in Jersey;

Recognised Investment Exchange means a relevant EEA market as defined in, or a market established under, the rules of any investment exchange specified in schedule 3 to the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005;

Compensation Committee means the committee of non-executive directors as appointed by the Board of WPP plc from time to time for the purposes of determining the Company's policy on executive remuneration;

Termination Date means the date on which the Appointment terminates for whatever reason; and

UK Listing Authority means the FCA, acting in its capacity as the competent authority for the purposes of part VI of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 1.2 A reference to a particular law is a reference to it as it is in force for the time being, taking account of any amendment, extension or re-enactment, and includes any subordinate legislation for the time being in force made under it. 1.3 The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and do not affect its interpretation. 3





Table of Contents

2. COMMENCEMENT OF APPOINTMENT 2.1 The Appointment will begin on 27 January 2020 or such other date as the parties shall agree and when the Executive is not subject to any restrictions to prevent the commencement of his employment with the Company. There is no period of previous employment with the Company. 2.2 The Appointment may be terminated in accordance with clause 15 (or in furtherance of any right either party may have at common law). 3. EXECUTIVE'S DUTIES 3.1 The Executive shall serve the Company as Chief Financial Officer and as an Executive Director of WPP plc, and/or in such other capacity or capacities, within the Group as the Company may reasonably require from time to time, but subject always to it being consistent with his status, skills and experience. 3.2 During the Appointment the Executive shall: (a) diligently exercise such powers and perform such duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the Board of WPP plc; (b) accept any offices or directorships as reasonably required by the Company; (c) use his best endeavours to promote, protect, develop and extend the business of the Company and any Group Company; (d) comply with all reasonable and lawful directions given to him by the Board of WPP plc; (e) comply with all policies and procedures of the Company and/or the Group. The Executive's attention is drawn, in particular, but without limitation, to the Company's data protection, anti-bribery and corruption and expenses policies and the WPP Code of Conduct; (f) comply with all requirements, recommendations or regulations of any regulatory authority which is relevant to the Executive's role and/or to the Company or any relevant Group Company; (g) promptly make such reports to the Board of WPP plc in connection with the affairs of the Company or any Group Company on such matters and at such times as are reasonably required; (h) report to the Board of WPP plc his own wrongdoing and any wrongdoing or proposed wrongdoing of any other employee who reports to him or a director of the Company or any Group Company, to the extent he has first-hand knowledge of such wrongdoing or proposed wrongdoing by such employee or director, promptly on becoming aware of it; (i) comply with the articles of association (as amended from time to time) of any Group Company of which he is a director; (j) abide by all statutory, fiduciary or common law duties to the Company or any Group Company of which he is a director; (k) do such things as are necessary to ensure compliance by himself and the Company or any relevant Group Company with the UK Corporate Governance Code of the UK Listing Authority (as amended from time to time); 4





Table of Contents

(l) comply with all requirements, recommendations or regulations, as amended from time to time, of the UK Listing Authority, the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU), the FCA and all other regulatory authorities relevant to the Company or any Group Company and any code of practice issued by the Company (as amended from time to time) relating to dealing in the securities of the Company or any Group Company; and (m) comply with the requirements under both legislation and regulations on insider dealing. 4. PLACE OF WORK 4.1 The Executive's normal place of work shall be the Company's head office in the UK from time to time as the Company may reasonably determine, for the proper performance of his duties. The Executive shall travel to such places (inside and) outside the UK as may be required in order to properly perform his duties, in particular, to the head office in the USA. In connection therewith, the Executive is likely from time to time to be required to work outside the UK for periods exceeding one month. 4.2 There are currently no additional terms which apply where the Executive is required to work outside the UK for a period exceeding one month, but the Company reserves the right to issue such terms, and any such terms will be notified to the Executive. 5. WORKING HOURS 5.1 The parties agree that the Executive's role and senior status are such that the Executive will determine the whole of his working time himself and his working time cannot be measured or pre-determined and, accordingly, that the Appointment falls within the scope of Regulation 20 of the Working Time Regulations 1998, meaning that the restrictions on working time set out in the Working Time Regulations do not apply to him. 5.2 During the Appointment, unless prevented by ill-health or accident and except during holiday taken in accordance with clause 11, the Executive shall devote the whole of his time, skill and attention during normal business hours, and at such other times as may be reasonably necessary (without additional remuneration), to his duties under this Agreement. 6. REMUNERATION 6.1 The Company will pay the Executive a salary of £740,000 and a fixed benefits allowance of £30,000 per annum. The salary (and so far, as is reasonably possible) the benefits allowance will accrue from day to day and be payable in equal instalments in arrears on or around the 25th day of every month, less deductions for income tax and National Insurance contributions and shall be inclusive of any fees receivable by the Executive as a director of any Group Company. 6.2 The Executive's salary will be reviewed by the Compensation Committee every two years. There will be no salary review after notice to terminate this Agreement has been given by either party. The Company has no obligation to increase the Executive's salary following a review. 6.3 The Executive will be eligible to participate in any bonus or discretionary remuneration plan on such terms as the Compensation Committee may from time to time decide and always subject to the terms of the Executive Remuneration policy as approved by shareholders of WPP plc and to additional terms and conditions including the malus and clawback provisions of all relevant share or stock plans and as referred to in Schedule 2. 6.4 Any bonus payment to the Executive shall be purely discretionary and shall not form part of the Executive's contractual remuneration under this Agreement. Payment of a bonus to the Executive in 5





Table of Contents

one year shall confer no right on the Executive to receive a bonus in any other year. Specifically, but without limitation, the Executive shall have no right to be considered for, or payment of, a bonus where the Executive is subject to, or may about to be subject to, an ongoing investigation or disciplinary process into facts or matters which could lead to such bonus being forfeited, or reduced and in all events if the Appointment has terminated for any reason or if he is under notice of termination whether given by the Executive or the Company at or prior to the date when a bonus might otherwise have been payable. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Executive is exonerated of any of the allegations made during any such disciplinary process or if any investigation does not result in any material action against the Executive, he will (once the disciplinary process or investigation is concluded) have the right to be considered for a bonus as if there had been no such investigation or disciplinary process. If any bonus becomes payable in such circumstances it will be paid without delay following the conclusion of the disciplinary process or investigation. 6.5 The Executive hereby irrevocably consents to the Company, at any time during the Appointment or on its termination (however arising), deducting from salary or any other payments due to the Executive in respect of the Appointment any monies due from him to the Company or any Group Company. 6.6 The Executive agrees that every benefit arising out of or in connection with his employment whilst he remains a director is subject to change (including detrimental change without compensation) where any particular benefit paid, or otherwise owing or becoming payable to him in the future, breaches or may breach the terms of the shareholder approved Executive Compensation Policy at any time. 7. EXPENSES

The Company will reimburse the Executive (on production of such evidence as it may reasonably require) the amount of all travelling and other expenses properly and reasonably incurred by him in the discharge of his duties in strict accordance with the Company's expenses policy from time to time. 8. PENSION 8.1 The Company operates a Group pension plan (the Plan). The Executive is entitled to participate in the Plan (or such pension scheme as may be established by the Company to replace the Plan), subject to its trust deeds and rules from time to time. The Executive has opted out of the Plan. Whilst his status remains so, he will receive in lieu the annual sum of 10% of his current salary, paid monthly in instalments, together with his salary. 8.2 The Company reserves the right to terminate the Plan at any time without replacing it. In this event, and assuming he is, or has been, a member, the Executive's rights (if any) will be in accordance with the said trust deeds and rules. 8.3 The Executive has been grated Fixed Protection. The Company acknowledges that once the Executive has informed the Company that he has Fixed Protection, under Regulation 5D of the Occupational and Personal Pension Schemes (Automatic Enrolment) Regulations 2010 it does not need to automatically-enrol or automatically re-enrol the Executive into a pension scheme. The Company therefore agrees not to enrol the Executive in the Plan or any other pension scheme at any time after the Executive has informed the Company that he has Fixed Protection 2016,

The Company agrees in the meantime that it will not enrol the Executive into the Plan or any other pension scheme unless it is compelled to do so by law or the parties agree in writing otherwise. If the Company is compelled to enrol the Executive into the Plan or another pension scheme under law, or the Executive opts to join the Plan or any other pension scheme the Executive acknowledges and agrees that: 6





Table of Contents

(a) the Company has no liability to him if payment of any contribution to, or the provision of any benefit under, the Plan (whether by itself or when aggregated with any contribution to or any increase in value of the Executive's rights under any other arrangement) gives rise to an annual allowance or lifetime allowance charge (within the meaning of the Finance Act 2004) and that the Company has no responsibility to make any enquiry or advise the Executive as to the possibility of any such charge; (b) he is liable for reporting and paying any such charge in accordance with the Finance Act 2004; and (c) the Company has no liability to him in respect of any loss for any reason of enhanced protection, fixed protection, fixed protection 2014, fixed protection 2016 or any similar protection allowed in future (for the purposes of the Finance Act 2004) if applicable to the Executive. 9. INSURANCES 9.1 In partial spend of the fixed benefits allowance referred to in sub-clause 6.1, the Executive and his spouse or civil partner and any children under the age of 21 (or 24 if in full time education) are entitled to membership of a private medical insurance scheme. 9.2 The Executive is entitled to membership of a Group income protection plan and life assurance cover, which will be paid for by the Company. 9.3 Participation in all insurance schemes from time to time is subject to: (a) the terms of the relevant insurance scheme, as amended from time to time; (b) the rules or the insurance policy of the relevant insurance provider, or WPP Healthcare Trust as amended from time to time; and (c) the Executive (and where relevant any other potential beneficiary) satisfying the normal underwriting requirements of the relevant insurance provider and the premium being at a rate which the Company considers reasonable. 9.4 If the insurer refuses for any reason to provide the benefit to the Executive (or any relevant dependant) the Company shall not be liable to provide to the Executive any replacement benefit of the same or similar kind or to pay any compensation in lieu of such benefit. Full details of the insurance schemes are available from the Company's Worldwide Compensation and Benefits Director. 9.5 For the avoidance of doubt, the Company's sole obligations in respect of the insurance benefits referred to in sub clause 9.1 and 9.2 is to pay the premia from time to time requested by the provider and to pay to the Executive any sums as may from time to time be received by the Company from the provider in respect of any claim made by the Executive (for him or a dependent) under any insurance scheme. 9.6 The Company shall have the right at its sole discretion to alter the cover provided or any term of any insurance scheme or to cease to provide (without replacement) any insurance scheme or cover at any time. 9.7 The Executive is entitled to the benefit of any indemnity in the Company's articles of association and may also entitled to the benefit of cover under such directors and officers liability insurance policy as may be maintained by the Company from time to time. 7





Table of Contents

10. SICKNESS ABSENCE 10.1 If the Executive cannot attend work due to sickness or injury, the Executive will keep the Chairman informed of his condition and, where the absence lasts for a period of seven calendar days or more, the Executive will (at the request of the Company) produce a doctor's certificate to the Company in respect of his absence. (a) Provided the Executive complies with the Company's sickness absence notification and certification requirements, the Executive shall be entitled to receive his full salary and contractual benefits during any period of sickness absence not exceeding 26 weeks in any rolling period of 12 months. These payments shall be inclusive of any Statutory Sick Pay due. No payment of salary will be made during any subsequent period of absence when the Executive is eligible to receive benefits under the Group income protection plan referred to in sub clause 9.2. 10.2 If the Company so reasonably requires, the Executive agrees to consent to a medical examination by a medical practitioner nominated by the Company, at the Company's expense. The Executive agrees that the Company may have access to reports and results produced in connection with any such examination and that it may discuss the contents of the report with the relevant medical practitioner, subject to the Executive being given the opportunity to review and comment on the report before it is disclosed to anyone within the Company. 10.3 If the Executive is absent due to illness for more than one month, the Board shall be entitled at any time thereafter to appoint an executive director or employee to perform the Executive's duties and to exercise his powers until the Executive is able to resume his duties, following which such substitute will cease to act in the Executive's role. 10.4 The Company reserves the right to terminate the Appointment under the terms of this Agreement even when this would or might cause the Executive to forfeit any entitlement to sick pay or Group income protection benefit. 11. HOLIDAYS 11.1 The Company's holiday year runs from 1 January to 31 December (the Holiday Year). The Executive is entitled to 25 days' paid holiday in addition to the usual public or bank holidays in England) in every Holiday Year, to be taken at times convenient to the Company. 11.2 No accrued but untaken holiday may be carried forward to the next holiday year and will lapse unless the Executive has been prevented from taking holiday due to sickness or statutory family leave to which he is or may be entitled further to Company policy from time to time. 11.3 The Company reserves the right to require the Executive to take any outstanding holiday during any period of notice of termination of employment or to make a payment in lieu of holiday outstanding at the Termination Date. If, at the Termination Date, the Executive has taken more holiday than he has accrued, the Executive hereby expressly consents to the Company deducting an appropriate amount from any payments otherwise due him. Deductions and payments in lieu of holiday are to be calculated on the basis that a day's holiday is equal to 1/260 of the Executive's basic salary. 12. OTHER INTERESTS

During the Appointment, the Executive may not accept any employment with or appointment to any office, whether paid or unpaid, in relation to anybody, whether corporate or not (other than a Group Company), or directly or indirectly be interested in any manner in any other business except: 8





Table of Contents

(a) as holder or beneficial owner (for investment purposes only) of any class of securities in a company if those securities are listed or dealt in on a Recognised Investment Exchange and the Executive (together with his spouse, children, parents and parents' issue) neither holds nor is beneficially interested in more than 1% of the securities of that class; or (b) with the consent in writing of the Company, which may be given subject to any terms which the Company requires. 13. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 13.1 In this clause 13, Confidential Information means information (whether or not recorded in documentary form, or stored on any magnetic or optical disk or memory) relating, without limitation, to the business, clients, customers, products, affairs and finances of the Company or any Group Company for the time being confidential to the Company or any Group Company or in relation to which the Company or any Group Company is subject to a duty of confidentiality and trade secrets including, without limitation, technical data and know-how relating to the business of the Company or any Group Company or of any persons having dealings with the Company or any Group Company, whether or not such information (if it is not in oral form) is marked confidential, and includes, without limitation: (a) existing and prospective activities of the Company or any Group Company, including timing, business plans and financial information; (b) existing and prospective terms of business, prices and pricing strategies and structures, profit margins, trading arrangements, discounts and rebates of the Company or any Group Company; (c) existing and prospective marketing information, plans, strategies, tactics and timing relating to the Company or any Group Company; (d) existing and prospective lists of suppliers and rates of charge relating to the Company or any Group Company; (e) existing and prospective financial and other products or services, including applications, designs, technical data and qualifications relating to the Company or any Group Company; (f) existing and prospective software applications relating to the Company or any Group Company; (g) information relating to existing and prospective officers, employees and consultants of the Company or any Group Company including their engagement, their contractual terms including commission and bonuses and information relating to the termination of their employment or appointment with the Company or any Group Company; (h) any disputes and litigation proposed, in progress or settled in relation to the Company or any Group Company; (i) any invention, technical data, know-how or other manufacturing information of the Group or its customers/clients; and (j) existing and prospective research and development activities. 13.2 The Executive must not make use of or divulge to any person or entity, and must use his best endeavours to prevent the unauthorised use, publication or disclosure of, any Confidential 9





Table of Contents

Information which is disclosed or made available to the Executive, either directly or indirectly, during the course of, or in connection with, the Executive's employment or his holding any office within the Group from any source within the Company or any Group Company and shall be under an obligation promptly to report to the Group any such unauthorised use or disclosure which comes to his knowledge. 13.3 This clause 13 does not apply to information which: (a) is used or disclosed in the proper performance of the Executive's duties or with the prior written consent of the Company or any Group Company; (b) is ordered to be disclosed by a court of competent jurisdiction or otherwise required to be disclosed by law; (c) is already in the public domain (other than as a result of unauthorised disclosure by the Executive or any other person); or (d) is already lawfully possessed by the Executive without any obligations of confidentiality or restrictions on use. 13.4 The Executive shall not, during the Appointment or at any time thereafter, make, except for the benefit of the Company or any Group Company, any copy, record or memorandum (whether or not recorded in writing or on computer disk or tape) of any Confidential Information and any such copy, record or memorandum made by the Executive during the Appointment shall be and remain the property of the Company and accordingly shall be returned by the Executive to the Company on the Termination Date or when required to do so by the Company. 13.5 The Executive shall not other than in the ordinary course of the Appointment without the prior written consent of the Board either directly or indirectly publish any opinion, fact or material or deliver any lecture or address or participate in the making of any film, radio broadcast or television transmission or communicate with any representative of the media or any third party relating to: (a) the business or affairs of the Company or of any other Group Company or to any of its or their officers, employees, customers, clients, suppliers, distributors, agents or shareholders; or (b) the development or exploitation of any Intellectual Property Rights, including Confidential Information. 13.6 Each of the restrictions in each sub clause above will be enforceable independently of each of the others and its validity will not be affected if any of the others are invalid. If any of those restrictions are void but would be valid if some part of the restriction were deleted, the restriction in question will apply with such modification as may be necessary to make it valid. 13.7 For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement precludes the Executive from making a protected disclosure within the meaning of Part 4A (Protected Disclosures) of the Employment Rights Act 1996. 14. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 14.1 For the purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions shall apply: (a) Intellectual Property Rights means: (i) copyrights, moral rights, patents, inventions, know-how, Confidential Information, database rights, brands, business names, domain names, 10





Table of Contents

and rights in trademarks, service marks and designs (whether registered or unregistered); (ii) applications for registration, and the right to apply for registration, and registrations for any of the same, and any renewals, reissues, extensions, continuations or divisions thereof; (iii) rights to use such assets listed in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) under licences, consents, orders, statutes or otherwise; and (iv) all other intellectual property rights and equivalent or similar forms of protection now or hereafter existing anywhere in the world. (b) IP Materials means all documents, software, photographic or graphic works of any type, and other materials in any medium or format which are created by or on behalf of the Executive in the course of performing his obligations under this Agreement and which are protected by or relate to Intellectual Property Rights. 14.2 Any Intellectual Property Rights created by the Executive or arising in the course of his employment or his performing his obligations under this Agreement shall belong to and vest in the Company. 14.3 To the extent that ownership of Intellectual Property Rights does not vest in the Company by operation of law, the Executive hereby assigns to the Company his entire right, title and interest in all Intellectual Property Rights which arise in the course of performing his obligations under this Agreement (including all present and future copyright, and copyright revivals and extensions). This assignment shall take effect upon the creation of each of the Intellectual Property Rights but if for any reason this does not occur, he agrees that he will hold all such Intellectual Property Rights on trust for the benefit of the Company until such time as it does. 14.4 The Executive agrees to sign all documents and to do all other acts which the Company requests (at its expense) to enable the Company to enjoy the full benefit of this clause 14. This includes joining in any application, which may be made in the Company's sole name for registration of any Intellectual Property Rights (such as a patent, trademark or registered design), and assisting the Company in defending and enforcing such rights during and after the employment (at the Company's expense). 14.5 Without prejudice to the generality of clause 13 (Confidential Information), the Executive may only use the Intellectual Property Rights and IP Materials to perform his obligations under this Agreement, and shall not disclose any Intellectual Property Rights or IP Materials to any third party without the express prior written consent of the Company. 14.6 The Executive waives all moral rights in IP Materials to which he may otherwise be entitled under the law of any relevant jurisdiction and which cannot be vested or assigned pursuant to sub clause 14.2 or 14.3. To the extent that any moral rights cannot be waived under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, the Executive agrees that he will not enforce such rights. 14.7 The Executive shall promptly transfer to the Company all IP Materials in his possession or under his control as at the Termination Date, or at any time when the Company requests. No copies or other record of any IP Materials may be retained by the Executive except with the prior written consent of the Company. 14.8 The Executive understands and accepts that the remuneration and benefits provided to him by the Company in accordance with this Agreement constitute sufficient consideration to the Executive for the performance of his obligations under this clause 14 including, for the avoidance of doubt, the waiver of or covenant not to assert any moral rights that he may have. 14.9 This clause 14, and the rights and obligations of the parties contained herein, shall survive expiry of this Agreement, or its termination, for any reason. 11





Table of Contents

15. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT 15.1 The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing. 15.2 The Company may in its sole and absolute discretion (whether or not any notice of termination has been given under sub clause 15.1) terminate this Agreement at any time and with immediate effect by giving notice in writing to the Executive that the Company is exercising its rights pursuant to this clause 15. If the Company elects to terminate the Executive's employment in this way, it will make, within 30 days, either the first instalment (of equal monthly instalments) of a, or an entire, payment in lieu of notice (Payment in Lieu) equal to the basic salary, benefit allowance and any benefits, as at the Termination Date, which the Executive would have been entitled to receive under this Agreement during the notice period referred to at sub clause 15.1 (or, if notice has already been given, during the remainder of the notice period), less all relevant deductions for income tax and National Insurance contributions. For the avoidance of doubt, the Payment in Lieu shall not include any element in relation to: (a) any bonus or discretionary payment(s) that might otherwise have been due during the period for which the Payment in Lieu is made; and (b) any payment in respect of any holiday entitlement that would have accrued during the period for which the Payment in Lieu is made. 15.3 The Company may pay any sums due under sub clause 15.2 in equal monthly instalments until the date on which the notice period referred to at sub clause 15.1 would have expired if notice had been given (the Payment Period). 15.4 The Payment in Lieu is at all times conditional on the Executive informing the Company immediately in the event that he receives, or has a right to receive, remuneration from any source in respect of his employment or the provision of his services during the Payment Period or relating to the Payment Period (remuneration shall include any salary, fee or other benefit). 15.5 If the Executive obtains alternative employment or an alternative engagement during the Payment Period any further monthly instalments of the Payment in Lieu will be reduced on a pro rata basis by any payment or remuneration in respect of such alternative employment or alternative engagement during the Payment Period or relating to the Payment Period. 15.6 The Executive shall have no right to receive a Payment in Lieu unless the Company has exercised its discretion in sub clause 15.2. 15.7 Nothing in this clause 15 shall prevent the Company from terminating the Appointment in breach of contract or of common law. 15.8 If the Executive: (a) in the reasonable opinion of the Board fails or neglects efficiently and diligently to discharge his duties, including, without limitation his duties under Chapter 2 of part 10 of the Companies Act 2006, or is guilty of any serious or repeated material breach of his obligations under this Agreement and, if that material breach is remediable, fails to remedy the breach within a period of 21 days after being notified in writing to do so; (b) is guilty of any fraud, dishonesty, serious misconduct or any other conduct which, in the reasonable opinion of the Board, brings or is likely to bring the Executive or the Company or 12





Table of Contents

any Group Company into disrepute or affects or is likely to affect prejudicially the interests of the Company or the Group; (c) is convicted of an arrestable offence (other than a road traffic offence for which a non-custodial penalty is imposed); (d) is guilty of any material breach or material non-observance of any code of conduct, requirement, rule or regulation referred to in sub clause 3.2; (e) becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors; (f) is prohibited from being a director by law; (g) resigns as a director without the Company's prior consent; (h) has become physically or mentally incapable of acting as a director and may remain so for more than six months, according to a written opinion issued in relation to the Executive to the Company from a registered medical practitioner who is treating the Executive; or (i) is not or ceases to be eligible to work in the UK,

the Company may by written notice to the Executive terminate this Agreement with immediate effect. 15.9 The Company's rights under clause 15.8 are without prejudice to any other rights that it might have at common law to terminate the Appointment or to accept any breach of this Agreement by the Executive as having brought the agreement to an end. Any delay by the Company in exercising its rights shall not constitute a waiver thereof. 15.10 On the Termination Date or, at the request of the Board on either party giving notice to terminate this Agreement, the Executive will immediately: (a) deliver to the Company all other property in his possession, custody or under his control belonging to any Group Company including (but not limited to) computers and any other electronic devices, business cards, credit and charge cards, security passes, original and copy documents or other media on which information is held in his possession relating to the business or affairs of any Group Company; and (b) to the extent possible, irretrievably delete (without keeping any copies in any format) any information relating to the business or affairs of the Company or any Group Company or any of its or their business contacts from any computer or communications systems, including any website or email account, owned or used by the Executive outside the Company's premises and notify the Company of any passwords the Executive used in relation to its computer system. 15.11 If the Executive's rights or benefits under any share option or share incentive scheme in which the Executive may participate (as set out at the date hereof in Schedule 2) are affected by the termination of the Employment, his rights will be determined solely in accordance with the rules of the relevant scheme and the Executive shall not be entitled to any compensation for the loss of any rights or benefits under such scheme. 15.12 If the Appointment is terminated for the purpose of the reconstruction or amalgamation of the Company or by reason of the Company transferring all or a substantial part of its business to another company and the Executive is offered employment by the reconstructed or amalgamated or transferee company on similar terms to the terms of this Agreement, the Executive will have no claim 13





Table of Contents

against the Company or such reconstructed or amalgamated or transferee company in respect of the termination of the Appointment. 16. GARDEN LEAVE 16.1 Following service of notice to terminate the Appointment by either party or if the Executive purports to terminate the Appointment in breach, the Board may suspend all or any of the Executive's duties and powers for such periods and on such terms as he considers expedient and this may include a term that: (a) the Executive must stay away from all or any of the Company's premises, and/or (b) will not be provided with any work, and/or (c) will have no business contact with all or any of the Group's agents, employees, customers, clients, distributors and suppliers, and/or (d) will have no access to the Company's communications systems.

(referred to as Garden Leave). 16.2 During any period of Garden Leave the Company will continue to pay the Executive's salary, benefits allowance and maintain the benefits to which he is contractually entitled prior to the commencement of his Garden Leave (for the avoidance of doubt the Executive shall not be entitled to any bonus or discretionary payment(s) during any period of Garden Leave). 16.3 During any period of Garden Leave may appoint a replacement to exercise any of the Executive's duties and responsibilities and may require the Executive to take such actions as he reasonably requires to effect a proper handover of any of his duties and responsibilities. Alternatively, the Company may require the Executive to carry out exceptional duties or special projects outside the normal scope of his duties and responsibilities (provided such projects are broadly commensurate with his status). 16.4 During any period of Garden Leave the Executive's employment will continue and the Executive will continue to be bound by his obligations under this Agreement and by his general duties of fidelity and good faith (and, where applicable, as a fiduciary). The Executive agrees that the Company may, if it so chooses, announce to third parties that the Executive has resigned or been given notice (as the case may be) but the Executive will not make any comment on his status or change of duties, except to confirm he is on garden leave. 17. OFFICE AS A DIRECTOR 17.1 Any office or directorship which the Executive holds in any Group Company is subject to the articles of association of the relevant company from time to time. 17.2 The Executive is required to familiarise himself with all his responsibilities as a director, legal and/or otherwise. 17.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, or on the Board's request, the Executive will resign from any office held by him in any Group Company without any claim for compensation. 17.4 The Executive shall, at the time of signing this Agreement, appoint the Company as his attorney by executing a Power of Attorney in the form set out in Schedule 1 so that the Company can give effect to the provisions of sub clause 17.3 above and clause 14 above as required. 14





Table of Contents

17.5 In the event that the Executive fails to be re-elected as a director of any Group Company, or if the Executive resigns as a director of any Group Company at the Company's request, this Agreement shall not automatically terminate and the Executive will continue as an employee of the Company unless and until either party elect to terminate the employment (either in accordance with clause 15.1, or where the Company may have a right to terminate his employment summarily under clause 15 or at common law). 17.6 The Executive must not resign from any directorship or office of any Group Company, except on termination of this Agreement (by either party), on the Board's request or as provided in the articles of association of the Company, and he must not do anything that would cause him to be disqualified from continuing to act as a director. 18. PROTECTIVE COVENANTS 18.1 The Executive acknowledges that his senior position with the Company and any Group Company gives him access to and the benefit of confidential information vital to the continuing business of the Company and any Group Company and influence over and connection with the Company's customers, clients, suppliers, distributors, agents, employees, workers, consultants and directors and those of any Group Company in or with which the Executive is engaged or in contact and acknowledges and agrees that the provisions in Schedule 3 are reasonable in their application to him and necessary but no more than sufficient to protect the interests of the Company and any Group Company. 18.2 If any person offers to the Executive any arrangement, contractual or otherwise, and whether paid or unpaid, which might or would cause the Executive to breach any of the covenants in Schedule 3, he will notify that person of the terms of that Schedule 3 and provide that person with a complete copy of it. 19. DATA PROTECTION 19.1 The Company takes its data protection obligations very seriously and complies with its legal obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018 to protect the privacy and security of the Executive's personal information. As a data controller the Company is required to inform the Executive how we hold and use his information. 20. GRIEVANCE AND DISCIPLINARY PROCEDURE 20.1 If the Executive is dissatisfied with any disciplinary decision relating to him, including any decision to dismiss him, he will have the right to appeal to the Chairman of WPP plc, whose decision will be final. 20.2 If the Executive seeks to redress any grievance relating to his employment, the Executive should raise this in the first instance with the Chairman. If the matter is not satisfactorily resolved, the Executive should then apply in writing to the Board and the Board's decision will be final. 20.3 The Company may suspend the Executive from any or all of his duties for as long as is reasonably necessary to investigate any matter in which the Executive is implicated or involved, whether directly or indirectly, or in the event that the Company believes that the Executive's presence in the office would be detrimental to any investigation or to other employees or to the Executive. The provisions of clause 16.1 (a) to (d) and 16.2 will apply during any such period of suspension, with any additional terms depending on the circumstances that may be notified to the Executive in writing at that time. 15





Table of Contents

21. COLLECTIVE AGREEMENTS

The Company is not a party to any collective agreement which affects the Executive's employment. 22. GENERAL 22.1 This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with English law, save where provided otherwise herein. 22.2 The parties irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim that arises out of or in connection with this Agreement or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims). 22.3 This Agreement contains all the information which is required to be provided to the Executive under section 1 of the Employment Rights Act 1996. 22.4 As from the effective date of this Agreement, all other agreements or arrangements between the Company or any Group Company relating to the employment of the Executive cease to have effect. This Agreement (and the documents referred to within it, including but not limited to the share plans that the Executive participates in from time to time) comprises the whole agreement between the Executive and the Company relating to the Executive's employment by the Company. 22.5 Each Group Company shall have the right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce the rights bestowed on it by this Agreement. The consent of a Group Company is not required to amend any terms of this Agreement. Except as set out in this clause 22, a person who is not a party to this Agreement may not enforce any of its provisions under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 22.6 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, when executed, shall constitute a duplicate original, but all the counterparts shall together constitute the one agreement.

AS WITNESS the hands of the Executive and of the duly authorised representatives of the Company on the date which appears first on page 1.

SIGNATORIES SIGNED by WPP 2005 LIMITED acting by MARK READ ) /s/ Mark Read

SIGNED by JOHN ROGERS ) /s/ John Rogers 16





Table of Contents

SCHEDULE 1 POWER OF ATTORNEY

By this Power of Attorney made on 1 October 2019, I JOHN ROGERS in accordance with the terms of my service agreement (the Service Agreement) with WPP 2005 Limited (the Company) dated today HEREBY APPOINT the Company to act as my attorney with authority in my name and on my behalf (so that words and expressions defined in the Service Agreement shall have the same meaning herein): (a) during my employment or after it has terminated, to do anything and sign or execute any document and generally to use my name for the purpose of giving to the Company or to any Group Company or its or their nominee(s) the full benefit of clause 14 (Intellectual Property); (b) during my employment or after it has terminated, to do anything and sign or execute any document as may be required under the constitution of the Company and each Group Company to make my resignation as a director from those companies effective; and (c) to appoint any substitute and to delegate to that substitute all or any powers conferred by this Power of Attorney.

I declare that this Power of Attorney, having been given by me to secure my obligations under clause 14 (Intellectual Property) and clause 15 (Termination of Employment) of the Service Agreement, shall be irrevocable in accordance with section 4 of the Powers of Attorney Act 1971.

This Power of Attorney is governed by and construed in accordance with English law, save where provided otherwise herein.

The parties irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim that arises out of or in connection with this Power of Attorney or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).

IN WITNESS whereof this Power of Attorney has been duly executed. EXECUTED as a deed by JOHN ROGERS ) ) /s/ John Rogers in the presence of: )

Witness: Signature: /s/ Rachel Blackman - Rogers

Name: Rachel Blackman - Rogers

Address:

17





Table of Contents

SCHEDULE 2 INCENTIVE PLANS

The Executive will be eligible to participate in each of the Incentive plans referred to below in accordance with the rules of the relevant plans from time to time.

The receipt of any bonus, award, stock or payment under any or all of these plans in one year shall not create any right or expectation to any bonus or payment in any subsequent year. 1 SHORT TERM INCENTIVE PLAN (STIP) 1.1 The Executive's STIP target award will be up to 112% of base salary with a potential award of up to a maximum of 225% of basic salary depending how far the target may be exceeded. 1.2 All payments under the STIP are discretionary and subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee. 1.3 STIP awards are paid out partly in cash and partly in the form of a deferred stock award under the ESA, the exact split from time to time being a matter of Compensation Committee discretion. The cash element under the STIP is payable in the year following the year for which the bonus is payable. The deferred stock element will be governed by the rules of the relevant stock plan. 1.4 In the event the Executive's employment is terminated or he is under notice of termination, whether such notice is given or received by the Company, prior to the date on which the bonus is paid (in respect of the cash element) or prior to the vesting date of the deferred stock award (in respect of the deferred stock element) the Executive will forfeit all and any rights or entitlements under the STIP and will not have any rights against the Company and/or WPP plc in respect of the loss of such entitlement. 2 EXECUTIVE SHARE AWARD (ESA) 2.1 The Executive will be eligible to receive Executive Share Awards (ESA) further to his STIP awards. 2.2 Annual targets based on the financial results of the Company will be determined by WPP plc. ESAs are granted in form of awards (if any) made after the end of the relevant calendar year, under the relevant stock plan and are subject to such conditions as the Compensation Committee may determine from time to time. All ESAs are subject to the overriding discretion of the Compensation Committee up to the point at which the award under the relevant stock plan is granted. Currently the ESA share vesting period is three years from the start of the Financial Year to which the relevant ESA award relates. 2.3 The granting and vesting of stock awards will be subject to such conditions as the Compensation Committee may determine from time to time and subject always to the provisions of the relevant stock plan. 3 EXECUTIVE PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN (EPSP) 3.1 At the discretion of the Compensation Committee, the Executive will be eligible to participate in the Executive Performance Share Plan. 3.2 The Company currently expects that the Executive will be granted a target award under the EPSP of WPP plc stock of 300% of his base salary (but this is subject always to the discretion of the 18





Table of Contents

Compensation Committee and may be adjusted downwards prior to the grant being made) which will vest subject to performance (as deemed by the Compensation Committee in its discretion) at the end of the performance period. 3.3 The granting and vesting of awards under the EPSP will be subject to such conditions as the Compensation Committee may determine from time to time and subject always to the provisions of the EPSP 4 PERFORMANCE ADJUSTMENTS 4.1 If the Executive: (a) commits an act of fraud, dishonesty, deceit, breach of fiduciary duty or other gross misconduct; (b) does or omits to do something that results in a set of audited accounts of a Group Company being materially wrong or misleading; and either (i) those accounts have to be materially corrected; or (ii) a subsequent set of accounts or data have to be adjusted or include a provision or write down as a result of that act or omission; or (iii) a liquidation event occurs in relation to that Group Company; or (c) knew or should have known that any information used to calculate any STIP awarded to him was incorrect; or (d) prior to the award or payment of any STIP award, committed any material wrongdoing that had the Company known of it would have entitled the Company to terminate the Executive's employment in accordance with clause 15 of the Agreement,

then the Compensation Committee can decide that: (i) any STIP award or part of a STIP award awarded to him pursuant to this Agreement will be cancelled; and/or (ii) any STIP award or part of a STIP award paid to him in satisfaction of any STIP award under this Agreement must be repaid by the Executive. 4.2 This sub-clause 4.2 applies if, at any time prior to the third anniversary of the payment of any STIP awarded pursuant to this Agreement, the Compensation Committee determines that any of the circumstances described in sub-clauses 4.1(a) to 4.1(d) has arisen. 4.3 If sub-clause 4.2 applies, the Compensation Committee can decide that the relevant STIP award or part of the STIP award will be cancelled or should not have been paid and must be repaid by the Executive to compensate the Company for any overpayment. 4.4 Subject to sub-clause 4.5 the Executive will, if required to do so by the Compensation Committee, repay to the Company or to another Group Company as notified by the Company the amount of cash that the Compensation Committee determines is required to compensate the Company for any overpayment. 19





Table of Contents

4.5 If the Executive was subject to tax, social security contributions or other levies (Taxes) on payment of the STIP award, and in the Compensation Committee's reasonable opinion he will not get a credit or repayment of some or all of the Taxes, the Compensation Committee will reduce the amount of cash that the Executive can be required to transfer under sub-clause 4.4 by the amount that reflects the Taxes in respect of which credit or repayment is unavailable. 4.6 The Compensation Committee will act reasonably in using its authority under sub-clauses 4.1to 4.5of this Schedule 2 5 ONE-TIME AWARDS

5.1 The Executive will, subject to the terms of this Schedule 2, be eligible to receive the following one-time awards in compensation for the short term and long-term incentive awards he will cease to be entitled to on cessation of his previous directorship of and employment with J Sainsbury plc or one of its subsidiaries ("JS"):

(a) a cash award equivalent to the cash bonus he would have received from JS in respect of the 2019 financial year and payable in 2020 determined on the same basis as the compensation committee of JS awards a cash bonus to the CEO and Executive management team of JS; and

(b) £361,252 payable in cash in respect of the JS 2018 Deferred Share Award; and

(c) £368,455 payable in cash in respect of the JS 2016 LTIP Award; and

(d) an award equivalent to the value of the deferred share award he would have received from JS in respect of the 2019 financial year and awarded in 2020 determined on the same basis as the compensation committee of JS awards a cash bonus to the CEO and Executive management team of JS, to be granted over restricted ordinary WPP shares with a vesting date in May 2022;

(e) an award to the value of £364,102 to be granted over restricted ordinary WPP shares with a vesting date in May 2021 in respect of the JS 2019 Deferred Share Award; and

(f) a cash award in respect of the JS 2017 LTIP award currently estimated to be valued at £644,160 but to be determined based on the actual performance disclosed in the JS 2020 annual report and accounts and to include JS dividend equivalents. The Executive commits to utilise the net amount after tax and deductions to acquire WPP ordinary shares that he will hold beneficially for a minimum of two years; and

(g) an award to the value of £1,069,788 to be granted over ordinary shares under the terms of the WPP EPSP 2019 award with a vesting date of March 2021 in respect of the JS 2018 LTIP. The Executive commits to utilise the net amount after tax and deductions to acquire WPP ordinary shares that he will hold beneficially for a minimum of two years; and

(h) an award to the value of £1,427,991 to be granted over ordinary shares under the terms of the WPP EPSP 2019 award with a vesting date of March 2022 in respect of the JS 2019 LTIP. The Executive commits to utilise the net amount after tax and deductions to acquire WPP ordinary shares that he will hold beneficially for a minimum of two years.

5.2 In relation to the one-time awards in clause 5.1 payable in cash, the payment will be made in the second month following the Executive's commencement of employment with the Company or such later date when the outcomes of the JS incentive plans are available. The one-time share award in clause 5.1 will be made in the first open period of WPP plc following the Executive's commencement of employment with the Company. 20





Table of Contents

SCHEDULE 3 PROTECTIVE COVENANTS 1 The Executive agrees and undertakes with the Company acting on behalf of itself and as agent for each Group Company that he will not in any Relevant Capacity at any time during the Restricted Period: (a) within or in relation to the Restricted Territory take any steps preparatory to or be directly or indirectly engaged, employed, interested or concerned in: (i) any Competing Business; and/or (ii) any Target Business Entity, (b) within or in relation to the Restricted Territory acquire a substantial or controlling interest directly or by or through any nominee or nominees in any Competing Business, Target Business Entity or in any Person owning or controlling a Competing Business or Target Business Entity; or (c) solicit or attempt to solicit, canvass, interfere with or entice away from the Company or any Relevant Group Company the custom or any prospective custom of any Client or any Prospect with a view to providing to that Client or Prospect any products or services which are the same as or materially similar to any Restricted Business in competition with the Company or any Relevant Group Company; or (d) provide or agree to provide any products or services which are the same as or materially similar to any Restricted Business to any Client or any Prospect in competition with the Company or any Relevant Group Company; or (e) solicit, entice or encourage or attempt to solicit, entice or encourage any Key Individual to leave the employment of the Company or any Relevant Group Company (whether or not such person would commit any breach of his contract of employment by doing so); or (f) employ, engage, appoint, enter into partnership or association with or in any way cause to be employed, engaged or appointed any Key Individual in relation to any Person which is or is proposing to be a Competing Business or is or is proposed to be directly or indirectly owned by or controlling any Competing Business; or (g) provide or agree to provide any products or services which are the same as or materially similar to any Restricted Business in respect of any Competitor Account; or (h) be employed or engaged by any Client or Prospect if as a result the Client or Prospect will cease to use or materially reduce its usage of the products or services of the Company or any Relevant Group Company or, in the case of a Prospect, will not use the products or services of the Company or any Relevant Group Company or use them to a materially lesser extent; or (i) solicit or try to solicit or place orders for the supply of products or services from any Supplier if as a result the Supplier will cease supplying, materially reduce its supply or vary detrimentally the terms on which it supplies products or services to the Company or any Relevant Group Company; or 21





Table of Contents

(j) encourage, assist or procure any Person to do anything which if done by the Executive would be a breach of sub clauses 1 (a) to (i). 2 The Executive agrees that updating his profile and/or connecting or reconnecting to Clients, Suppliers or Prospects using Social Media during the Restricted Period may amount to a breach of sub clauses 1 (a) to (j) above. 3 The parties agree that the restrictions (whether taken individually or as a whole) in sub clauses 1 (a) to (j) above are reasonable having regard to the legitimate protectable interests of the Company and the Group and that each such restriction is intended to be separate and severable and the validity of each is not affect if any of the others are involved. In the event that any of the restrictions is held to be void but would be valid if part of its wording was deleted, that restriction shall apply with whatever deletion is necessary to make it valid and effective. 4 It is understood and agreed by the parties that damages shall be an inadequate remedy in the event of a breach by the Executive of any of the restrictions contained in sub clauses 1 (a) to (i) above and that any such breach by him or on his behalf will cause the Company and any Relevant Group Company great and irreparable injury and damage. Accordingly, he agrees that the Company and/or any Relevant Group Company shall be entitled, without waiving any additional rights or remedies otherwise available to it at law or in equity or by statute, to injunctive and other equitable relief in the event of a breach or intended or threatened breach by the Executive of any of those restrictions. 5 If the Company exercises its right to suspend the Executive's duties and powers under clause 16, the period of the suspension will reduce the Restricted Period. 6 For the purposes of this Schedule 3 the following additional definitions shall apply:

Client means any Person with whom or which the Company or any Relevant Group Company has arrangements in place for the provision of any Restricted Business and with whom or which the Executive had material involvement or for whose business he was responsible or about which he acquired material Confidential Information, in the course of his employment at any time during the Relevant Period.

Competing Business means any Person providing or proposing to provide any products or services which are the same as or materially similar to and competitive with any Restricted Business.

Competitor Account means any account, product or brand which competes with any Client's account, product or brand in respect of which the Executive had material dealings or responsibility on behalf of the Company or any Relevant Group Company or about which he acquired Confidential Information, during the course of his employment at any time during the Relevant Period.

Key Individual means any individual who was employed by the Company or any Relevant Group Company to provide services personally at the date on which the Appointment terminates (or but for the breach by the Executive of his obligations under this Agreement and/or implied by law would have been so employed at the date on which the Appointment terminates) and who in the course of his duties during the Relevant Period had material dealings with the Executive and: (a) either: (i) reported directly to him; and 22





Table of Contents

(ii) had material contact with clients or suppliers of the Company or any other Relevant Group Company in the course of his employment;

or (b) was a member of the board of directors or the senior management team of the Company or any Relevant Group Company or reported to any such board of directors or senior management team.

Prospect means any Person who was at any time during the Relevant Period negotiating or discussing (which shall include for these purposes a pitch or presentation) with the Company or any Relevant Group Company the provision of any Restricted Business and in respect of which such negotiations or discussions the Executive was materially involved or had responsibility for or about which he acquired material Confidential Information, in the course of his employment at any time during the Relevant Period.

Relevant Capacity means either alone or jointly with another or others, whether as principal, agent, consultant, director, partner, shareholder, independent contractor, employee or in any other capacity, whether directly or indirectly, through any Person and whether for the Executive's own benefit or that of others (other than as a shareholder holding directly or indirectly by way of bona fide investment only and subject to prior disclosure to the Company up to 1% in nominal value of the issued share capital or other securities of any class of any company listed or dealt in on any Recognised Investment Exchange).

Relevant Group Company means any Group Company to which the Executive rendered services or for which he had management or operational responsibility during the course of his employment at any time during the Relevant Period.

Relevant Period means the twelve-month period ending with the Termination Date.

Restricted Business means and includes any of the products or services provided by the Company or any Relevant Group Company at any time during the Relevant Period with which the Executive had a material involvement or about which he acquired Confidential Information at any time during the Relevant Period.

Restricted Period means the 12-month period commencing on the Termination Date in relation to sub-clause 1(a) and the 18- month period commencing on the Termination Date in relation to all remaining sub-clauses in clause 1 above.

Restricted Territory means England and such other countries in which the Company or any Relevant Group Company carried on any Restricted Business at the Termination Date.

Supplier means any Person who at any time during the Relevant Period provided products or services to the Company or any Relevant Group Company being a Person with whom the Executive had material dealings or for whom he had responsibility or about whom he acquired material Confidential Information, in the course of his employment at any time during the Relevant Period.

Target Business Entity means any business howsoever constituted (whether or not conducting a Restricted Business) which was at the Effective Date or at any time during the Relevant Period a business which the Company or any Relevant Group Company had entered into negotiations with or had approached or had identified as: 23





Table of Contents

(a) a potential target with a view to its acquisition by the Company or any Relevant Group Company; and/or (b) a potential party to any joint venture with the Company or any Relevant Group Company,

in either case where such approach or negotiations or identity were known to a material degree by the Executive or about which he acquired material Confidential Information, in the course of his employment during the Relevant Period. 24
Exhibit 10.1

JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT THIS JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") made and entered into this 20th day of Friday, March 2020 (the "Execution Date"), BETWEEN: BorrowMoney.com, inc of 512 Bayshore DR, suite 201 Fort Lauderdale FL 33304, and JVLS, LLC dba Vaccines 2Go of 4060 Johns Creek Parkway Suite H Suwanee, GA 30024 (individually the "Member" and collectively the "Members"). BACKGROUND: A. The Members wish to enter into an association of mutual benefit and agree to jointly invest and set up a joint venture enterprise. B. This Agreement sets out the terms and conditions governing this association. IN CONSIDERATION OF and as a condition of the Members entering into this Agreement and other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which consideration is acknowledged, the Members agree as follows: Formation 1. By this Agreement the Members enter into a joint venture (the "Venture") in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida. The rights and obligations of the Members will be as stated in the applicable legislation of the State of Florida (the "Act") except as otherwise provided here. Name 2. The business name of the Venture will be BM&V2GO. Page 1 of 13





Purpose 3. The exclusive purpose of the Venture (the "Purpose") will be IT Development. internet Back office Maintenance And Deployment of medical Service. Term 4. The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 5. The Term may be extended with the unanimous consent of all Members. Place of Business 6. The principal office of the business of the Venture will be located at 512 Bayshore Drive Suite 201 Fort Lauderdale, FL 33304 or such other place as the Members may from time to time designate. Business Management 7. The following managers (the "Managers") have been appointed by the Members to manage the Venture: ● Aaldo PIscitello ● Jody Stewart 8. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the individual Managers may be appointed, replaced, or removed upon unanimous consent of the Members. 9. The Managers will have a primary duty to the best interest of the Venture and not directly to any individual Member. 10. Within the limits of the Purpose of the Venture and the terms of this Agreement, the Managers, acting jointly, will have full authority to bind the Members in all matters relating to the direction, control and management of the Venture. Conduct and actions of the Managers will be dictated by policy and procedure established by the Members. Authority to bind the Venture in contract or in any third party business relation lies exclusively with the Managers, acting jointly. 11. The Managers will jointly decide major issues concerning the Venture. Where Managers are unable to reach agreement in deciding major issues, approval by a majority vote of the Members at a regular or special meeting will be required. Page 2 of 13





Management Duties 12. Except as otherwise specified in this agreement, the duties and obligations of the Managers in relation to the Venture will include the following: a. managing the day to day business of the Venture; b. monitoring, controlling and directing the financial, business and operational affairs of the Venture; c. proper maintenance of books of account and financial records according to accepted accounting practices; d. monitoring, analyzing and acting on all issues over which it would have express or implied authority according to this Agreement; and e. all responsibilities attached to hiring of production and administration staff including any required labor negotiations, and all responsibilities attached to hiring of third party contractors. Member Duties 13. Each Member will be responsible for its respective duties as follows:

Page 3 of 13





Member Duties Description

BorrowMoney.com, inc

*HTML code, build, deploy and maintain all technical aspect requirements including a database for medical dispatch personal & product service as needed, including activity information, data storage and backup. provided by three qualified assigned Borrowmoney.com, inc. employees/personal

JVLS, LLC dba Vaccines 2Go

$60,000.00 USD From Monthly Government , City And State, And Or Private Awarded Contracts. Plus (10%) Of Any Generated Gross Revenue From Awarded Contract, In Addition to The Total Contributions. 14. Duties of Members may be amended, from time to time, by decision of the Members, provided that the Members' interests are not affected except with the unanimous consent of the Members. Capital Contributions 15. Each of the Members has contributed to the capital of the Venture, in cash or property in agreed upon value, as follows (the "Capital Contribution"): Member Contribution Description Agreed Value

BorrowMoney.com, inc 1, 500 square feet of Leased/rent office Space Includingspecified Description of duty* $3,500,000.00 USD

JVLS, LLC dba Vaccines 2Go

$60,000.00 USD From Monthly Government , City And State, And Or Private Awarded Contracts. Plus (10%) Of Any Generated Gross Revenue, In  Add i t i on  to  The  To ta l Contributions.

$3,500,000.00 USD

16. All Members will contribute their respective Capital Contributions fully and on time.

Page 4 of 13





Withdrawal of Capital 17. No Member will have the right to demand or withdraw any portion of their capital contribution without the express written consent of the remaining Members. 18. The Members will not be personally liable for the return of all or part of the Capital Contributions of a Member, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. Additional Capital 19. Capital Contributions may be amended from time to time, according to the requirements of the Venture, by decision of the Members as recommended by the Managers. Where Members' interests are affected, additional capital contributions (the "Additional Capital Contributions") must have the unanimous consent of the Members. 20. Any advance of money to the Venture by any Member in excess of the amounts provided for in this Agreement or subsequently agreed to as an Additional Capital Contribution will be deemed a debt due from the Venture rather than an increase in Capital Contribution of the Member. This liability will be repaid with interest at such rates and times to be determined by a majority of the Members. This liability will not entitle the lending Member to a greater voting power. Such debts may have preference or priority over any other payments to Members as may be determined by a majority of the Members. Capital Accounts 21. An individual capital account will be maintained for each Member and their initial Capital Contribution will be credited to this account. Any additional, approved contributions to the Venture's capital made by a Member will be credited to that Member's individual Capital Account. Interest on Capital 22. No borrowing charge or loan interest will be due or payable to any Member on any Capital Contribution or on their Capital Account despite any disproportion that may from time to time arise among the Capital Accounts of the Members. Page 5 of 13





Books of Account 23. Accurate and complete books of account of the transactions of the Venture will be kept in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and at all reasonable times will be available and open to inspection and examination by any Member. The books and records of the Venture will reflect all the Venture's transactions and will be appropriate and adequate for the business conducted by the Venture. Banking and Venture Funds 24. The funds of the Venture will be placed in such investments and banking accounts as will be designated by the Members. Venture funds will be held in the name of the Venture and will not be commingled with those of any other person or entity. Member Meetings 25. Regular Member meetings will be held quarterly. Minutes of the meetings will be maintained on file. 26. Any Member can call a special meeting to resolve urgent issues that require a vote and that cannot wait for the next regularly scheduled meeting. When calling a special meeting, all Members must be provided with reasonable notice. Where a special meeting has been called, the meeting will be restricted to the specific purpose for which the meeting was called. 27. All meetings will be held at a time and in a location that is reasonable, convenient and practical considering the situation of all Members. 28. Any vote required by the Members will be determined such that each Member receives one vote carrying equal weight. Amendments 29. This Agreement may be amended only with the unanimous consent of all Members. Admitting a new Member 30. New Members may be admitted into the Venture only with the unanimous consent of the existing Members. The new Member agrees to be bound by all the covenants, terms, and conditions of this Agreement, inclusive of all current and future amendments. Further, a new Member will execute such documents as are needed or required for this admission. Any new Member will receive a business interest in the Venture as determined by all other Members. Page 6 of 13





Dissociation of a Member 31. Where a Member is in breach of this Agreement and that Member has not remedied the breach on notice from the Venture and after a reasonable period then the remaining Members will have the right to terminate this Agreement with regard to that individual defaulting Member (an "Involuntary Withdrawal") and take whatever action necessary to protect the interests of the Venture. 32. If the Venture is harmed as the result of an individual Member's action or failure to act, then that individual Member will be liable for that harm. If more than one Member is at fault then they will be jointly and severally liable for that harm. 33. Each Member will indemnify the remaining Members against all losses, costs and claims that may arise in the event of the Venture being terminated as a result of breach of the Agreement by that Member. 34. If a Member is placed in bankruptcy, or withdraws voluntarily from the Venture, or if there is an Operation of Law against a Member, the other Members will be entitled to proceed as if the Member had breached this Agreement. 35. Distribution of any amount owing to a dissociated Member will be made according to the percentage of ownership as described in the Valuation of Interest or as otherwise may be agreed in writing. Dissolution of the Joint Venture 36. The Venture will be dissolved and its assets liquidated in the event of any of the following: a. the Term expires and is not extended; b. a unanimous vote by the Members to dissolve the Venture; c. on satisfaction of the Purpose; d. loss or incapacity through any means of substantially all of the Venture's assets; or e. where only one Member remains. Page 7 of 13





Liquidation 37. On dissolution, the Venture will be liquidated promptly and within a reasonable time. 38. On the liquidation of the Venture assets, distribution of any amounts to Members will be made in proportion to their respective capital accounts or as otherwise may be agreed in writing. Valuation of Interest 39. In the absence of a written agreement setting a value, the value of the Venture will be determined based on the fair market value appraisal of all Venture assets (less liabilities) in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) by an independent accounting firm agreed to by all Members. An appraiser will be appointed within a reasonable period of the date of withdrawal or dissolution. The results of the appraisal will be binding on all Members. A withdrawing Member's interest will be based on the proportion of their respective capital account less any outstanding liabilities a Member may have to the Venture. The intent of this section is to ensure the survival of the Venture despite the withdrawal of any individual Member. 40. No allowance will be made for goodwill, trade name, patents or other intangible assets, except where those assets have been reflected on the Venture books immediately prior to valuation. Transfer of Member Interest 41. A Member may assign their proprietary assets and their rights in distribution interest in the Venture. Such assignment will only include that Member's economic rights and interests and will not include any other rights of that Member nor will it include an automatic admission as a Member of the Venture or the right to exercise any management or voting interests. A Member who assigns any or all of their Venture interest to any third party will relinquish their status as Member including all management and voting rights. Assignment of Member status, under this clause, including any management and voting interests, will require the consent of all the remaining Members. Page 8 of 13





Management Voting 42. Any management vote required will be determined such that each Manager receives one vote carrying equal weight. Force Majeure 43. A Member will be free of liability to the Venture where the Member is prevented from executing their obligations under this Agreement in whole or in part due to force majeure where the Member has communicated the circumstance of that event to any and all other Members and taken any and all appropriate action to mitigate that event. Force majeure will include, but not be limited to, earthquake, typhoon, flood, fire, and war or any other unforeseen and uncontrollable event. Duty of Loyalty 44. Provided a Member has the consent of the majority of the other Members, the Members to this Agreement and their respective affiliates may have interests in businesses other than the Venture. Neither the Venture nor any other Member will have any rights to the assets, income or profits of any such business, venture or transaction. Any and all businesses, ventures or transactions with any appearance of conflict of interest must be fully disclosed to all other Members. Failure to disclose any potential conflicts of interest will be deemed an Involuntary Withdrawal by the offending Member and may be treated accordingly by the remaining Members. Confidentiality 45. All matters relating to this Agreement and the Venture will be treated by the Members as confidential and no Member will disclose or allow to be disclosed any Venture matter or matters, directly or indirectly, to any third party without the prior written approval of all Members except where the information properly comes into the public domain. 46. This section will survive for one year after the expiration or termination of this Agreement or dissolution of the Venture. Language 47. The Members expressly state that the English language is to be the language of choice for this Agreement and all other notices and agreements required by the Venture. Page 9 of 13





Insurance 48. The Venture will insure all its assets against loss where reasonable and standard practice in the industry. Indemnification 49. Each Member will be indemnified and held harmless by the Venture from any and all harm or damages of any nature relating to the Member's participation in Venture affairs except where such harm or damages results from gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Member. Liability 50. No Member will be liable to the Venture or to any other Member for any error in judgment or any act or failure to act where made in good faith. The Member will be liable for any and all acts or failures to act resulting from gross negligence or willful misconduct. Liability Insurance 51. The Venture may acquire insurance on behalf of any Member, employee, agent or other person engaged in the business interest of the Venture against any liability asserted against them or incurred by them while acting in good faith on behalf of the Venture. Covenant of Good Faith 52. Members will use their best efforts, fairly and in good faith to facilitate the success of the Venture. Joint Venture Property 53. Where allowed by statute, title to all Venture property, including intellectual property, will remain in the name of the Venture. Where joint ventures are not recognized by statute as separate legal entities, Venture property, including intellectual property, will be held in the name of one or more Members. In all cases Venture property will be applied by the Members exclusively for the benefit and purposes of the Venture and in accordance with this Agreement. Jurisdiction 54. The Members submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Florida for the enforcement of this Agreement and for any arbitration award or decision arising from this Agreement. Page 10 of 13





Mediation and Arbitration 55. In the event a dispute arises out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, the Members will attempt to resolve the dispute through friendly consultation. 56. If the dispute is not resolved within a reasonable period then any or all outstanding issues may be submitted to mediation in accordance with any statutory rules of mediation. If mediation is not successful in resolving the entire dispute or is unavailable, any outstanding issues will be submitted to final and binding arbitration in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida. The arbitrator's award will be final, and judgment may be entered upon it by any court having jurisdiction within the State of Florida. Warranties 57. All Members represent and warrant that they have all authority, licenses and permits to execute and perform this Agreement and their obligations under this Agreement and that the representative of each Member has been fully authorized to execute this Agreement. 58. Each Member represents and warrants that this Agreement is not in violation of any and all agreements and constitutional documents of the individual Member. Definitions 59. For the purpose of this Agreement, the following terms are defined as follows: a. "Capital Contributions" The capital contribution to the Venture actually made by the Members, including property, cash and any additional capital contributions made. b. "Majority Vote" A Majority Vote is any amount greater than one-half of the authorized votes. c. "Operation of Law" The Operation of Law means rights or duties that are cast upon a party by the law, without any act or agreement on the part of the individual including but not limited to an assignment for the benefit of creditors, a divorce, or a bankruptcy. Page 11 of 13





Miscellaneous 60. This Venture is termed a contractual joint venture and will not constitute a partnership. Members will provide services to one another on an arms' length basis while remaining independent business entities. There will be no pooling of profits and losses. Each Member is responsible only for its own actions and no Member is an agent for any other Member. Members will not be jointly or severally liable for the actions of the other Members. 61. Time is of the essence in this Agreement. 62. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts. Facsimile signatures are binding and are considered to be original signatures. 63. Headings are inserted for the convenience of the Members only and are not to be considered when interpreting this Agreement. Words in the singular mean and include the plural and vice versa. Words in the masculine gender include the feminine gender and vice versa. Words in the neuter gender include the masculine gender and the feminine gender and vice versa. 64. If any term, covenant, condition or provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, it is the Members' intent that such provision be reduced in scope by the court only to the extent deemed necessary by that court to render the provision reasonable and enforceable and the remainder of the provisions of this Agreement will in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated as a result. 65. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Members. All negotiations and understandings have been included in this Agreement. Statements or representations which may have been made by any Member in the negotiation stages of this Agreement may in some way be inconsistent with this final written Agreement. All such statements are declared to be of no value in this Agreement. Only the written terms of this Agreement will bind the Members. 66. This Agreement and the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement apply to and are binding upon the Member's successors, assigns, executors, administrators, beneficiaries, and representatives. 67. Any notices or delivery required here will be deemed completed when hand-delivered, delivered by agent, or seven (7) days after being placed in the post, postage prepaid, to the Members at the addresses contained in this Agreement or as the Members may later designate in writing. Page 12 of 13





68. All of the rights, remedies and benefits provided by this Agreement will be cumulative and will not be exclusive of any other such rights, remedies and benefits allowed by law. IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Members have duly affixed their signatures under hand and seal on this 20th day of March 2020. BorrowMoney.com, inc (Member) Per: /s/ Aldo Piscitello (SEAL) Aldo Piscitello President JVLS, LLC dba Vaccines 2Go (Member) Per: /s/ Jody Stewart Jody Stewart (Mar 20, 2020) (SEAL) Jody Stewart Page 13 of 13
EXHIBIT 10.28

                              SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

         This Sponsorship Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into as of the 11th day of March, 1999 by and between drkoop.com, inc., a Delaware corporation, located at 8920 Business Park Drive, Longhorn Suite, Austin, Texas 78759 ("drkoop.com"), and Vitamin Shoppe Industries, Inc., a New Jersey corporation, located at 4700 Westside Avenue, North Bergen, New Jersey 07047 ("Sponsor").

         WHEREAS, drkoop.com develops, markets and maintains an integrated suite of Internet enabled, consumer oriented software applications and services, including but not limited to, drkoop.com. electronic data interchange services, and advertising and promotional services on the Internet at the website http://www.drkoop.com (together with any successor or replacement websites, the "drkoop.com Website");

         WHEREAS, Sponsor markets and sells vitamins and nutritional supplements on the Internet at the website http://www.vitaminshoppe.com (together with any successor or replacement websites, the "Sponsor Website"; and together with the drkoop.com Website, the "Sites"); and

         WHEREAS, Sponsor desires to have certain * * * rights with respect to vitamins and nutritional supplements on the drkoop.com Website and to be the * * * vitamin and nutritional supplement tenant in the E-Commerce area of the drkoop.com Website and drkoop.com desires to promote Sponsor for vitamin and nutritional supplements and to make Sponsor its' * * * vitamin and nutritional supplement tenant pursuant to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

____________________ Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this exhibit. The copy filed herewith omits the information subject to the confidentiality request. Omissions are designated as * * *. A complete version of this exhibit has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

* * *    Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed          separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential          treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.

                                    ARTICLE I.                              * * * VITAMIN SPONSOR

         1.1.  * * * VITAMIN SPONSOR. Throughout the Term (as defined below), Sponsor shall be the * * * vitamin and supplement sponsor of, and the * * * vitamin and supplement advertiser on, the drkoop.com Website * * *

         1.2.  SPONSOR PLACEMENTS. During the Term, in no way limiting the foregoing in Section 1.1, Sponsor will receive the following sponsorship and promotional placements on the drkoop.com Website:

               (i)    Sponsor shall be the * * * sponsor of the Nutrition Center on the drkoop.com Website and each area (other than the "Daily Special" area, the "Healthy Recipes" area and any other area which may be created in the future which specifically relates to cooking or food recipes (collectively, the "Excluded Areas")) within the Nutrition Center, including, the "Vitamins & Supplements" area, the "Vitamins and Minerals" area, the "Nutrition News" area, the "Nutrition for Healthy Living" area and the "Nutrition for your Condition" area (collectively, the "Sponsor Areas"). * * *

               (ii)   * * *

               (iii)  From time to time, drkoop.com shall create content which features vitamins and nutritional supplements. Sponsor's Advertising Content shall be displayed on such pages which host vitamins and nutritional supplement content to the same extent and subject to the same restrictions as such Sponsor Advertising Content is displayed in the Sponsor Areas.

               (iv)   * * * Drkoop.com's obligations with respect to each area of the drkoop.com Website set forth in this Section 1.2 shall also apply to all areas which are successors or replacements to such areas and to all new vitamin and nutrition areas on the drkoop.com Website launched on the drkoop.com Website after the date of this Agreement. * * * Sponsor may promote the sale of vitamins and supplements in the Sponsor Areas.

         1.3.  IMPRESSIONS. Not including any permanent Sponsor links, banners or buttons pursuant to Section 1.2, drkoop.com shall, during the Initial Term (as defined below) provide * * * advertising banner and e-commerce tile impressions consisting of Sponsor Advertising Content* * * shall be delivered during each month of the Initial Term. If by the end of the Initial Term drkoop.com has not delivered the foregoing number of impressions, then, as Sponsor's sole remedy for such breach, the Term of this Agreement shall be extended until drkoop.com has satisfied its obligations under this Section.

____________________





* * *    Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed          separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential          treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.

                                       2

           1.4.  DR. KOOP HEALTH LINKS. In addition to the fees specified in Section 2.5.1, Sponsor shall pay * * * to drkoop.com and in exchange therefore shall have the right to use as many Dr. Koop Health Links as Sponsor, in its sole discretion, wishes to use, all in accordance with the terms of the drkoop.com Healthlinks Agreement, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B. - ---------

         1.5.  * * *

         1.6.  MODIFICATIONS.. Each party reserves the right to modify the design, organization, structure, look and feel, navigation and other elements of its Site, provided, that drkoop.com may not, without the prior written consent of Sponsor, substantially alter, change or modify the look, feel or functionality of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website* * *.

                                  ARTICLE II.                               SPONSORSHIP POLICY

         2.1.  CONTENT. For each of the placements described in Section 1, including all banner advertisements and e-commerce tiles, Sponsor shall provide drkoop.com with all content including all trademarks, logos or banners (the "Sponsor Advertising Content"), in accordance with the specifications set forth on Exhibit C attached hereto, which will be displayed on the drkoop.com Website and which will link, in Sponsor's discretion, to either the Sponsor Site or Vitamin Buzz. The parties hereto agree to cooperate and work together in the establishment of all links, buttons and banners placed pursuant to this Agreement. Links from one party's Site to the other party's Site shall in no way alter the look, feel or functionality of the linked Site.

         2.2.  CHANGES AND CANCELLATIONS. Any cancellations or change orders must be made in writing and acknowledged by drkoop.com. Sponsor shall not be required to change Sponsor Advertising Content more often than once per month. Sponsor shall provide drkoop.com with Sponsor Advertising Content artwork at least five business days in advance of the publication date.

         2.3.  STATISTICS. Drkoop.com shall provide Sponsor with Sponsor usage reports on a monthly basis. Sponsor shall have the right to use such data for its internal business purposes, but may not provide such data for use by third parties. Such reports shall contain substantially the same types of information delivered to other of drkoop.com's similarly situated partners, which reports will include information regarding impressions, clickthroughs and any information known about the users of such areas in aggregate form.

         2.4.  PUBLICATION ERROR. In the event of a publication error in the Sponsor Advertising Content arising exclusively from the fault of drkoop.com, Sponsor shall notify drkoop.com of such error and drkoop.com will use reasonable efforts to promptly correct the error. _____________________________ * * *    Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed          separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential          treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.

                                       3

           2.5.  PAYMENT.

               2.5.1.  FEES. The fee for the placements and other rights provided under this Agreement for the Initial Term (as defined below) is * * * is payable within * * * of the date of this Agreement, with the balance of such fee payable by Sponsor in * * * consecutive equal installments of * * * payable by the * * * of the Initial Term commencing * * * following * * * the Launch Date (as defined below).

               2.5.2.  TAXES. Sponsor shall be responsible for the collection of any and all value added, consumption, sales, use or similar taxes and fees payable with respect to all sales made on the Sponsor Website.

                                 ARTICLE III.                                OWNERSHIP OF DATA

         3.1.  USER DATA. Drkoop.com requests its users ("Individual Users"), to provide personal information when they sign up for certain services including requesting information on a specific disease, chat rooms and forums ("User Data"). Such User Data is owned by each Individual User and drkoop.com does not use or disclose any such User Data without the consent of the Individual User.

         3.2.  DATA RELEASE TO SPONSOR. Drkoop.com shall provide to Sponsor any and all User Data for which the Individual User has specifically authorized release to Sponsor. In the event that an Individual User grants rights to Sponsor for use of his User Data, Sponsor shall use its best efforts to keep User Data confidential and shall only use such data in an ethical manner. Sponsor may use User Data for its owns purposes, but User Data may not be disclosed, sold, assigned, leased or otherwise disposed of to third parties by Sponsor.

         3.3.  DATA CONFIDENTIALITY. The User Data shall be drkoop.com Confidential Information under Article 5 and shall in addition be subject to the





terms of this Article 3. Sponsor shall be liable for the conduct of its employees, agents and representatives who in any way breach this Amendment. Sponsor's obligations to treat the User Data as Confidential Information under Article 5 and this Article 3 shall continue in perpetuity following termination of this Amendment.

         3.4.  SPONSOR USER DATA. All users on the Sponsor Website, including, users linked to the Sponsor Website from the drkoop.com Website, will be deemed to be customers of Sponsor. Accordingly, all rules, policies and operating procedures of Sponsor concerning customer orders, customer service and sales will apply to those customers. Sponsor may change its policies and operating procedures at any time. Sponsor will determine the prices to be charged for products and other merchandise sold on the Sponsor Website in accordance with its own pricing policies.

____________________ * * *    Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed          separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential          treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.

                                       4

  Prices and availability on the Sponsor Website may vary from time to time. Notwithstanding Section 3.3, the parties hereto hereby agree that title to any user information of any users on the Sponsor Website, including but not limited to the name, address and e-mail address of users, obtained by Sponsor from such users shall be owned by the Sponsor. The parties hereto agree that pursuant to this Section 3 they may each collect and own similar information from and with respect to individuals who visit each of their Sites.

                                  ARTICLE IV.                                    LICENSES

         4.1.  LICENSES.

               4.1.1.  Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Sponsor hereby represents and warrants that it has the power and authority to grant, and does hereby grant to drkoop.com a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to reproduce and display all logos, trademarks, trade names and similar identifying material relating to Sponsor (the "Sponsor Marks") solely in connection with the promotion, marketing and distribution of the parties and the Sites in accordance with the terms hereof, provided, however, that drkoop.com shall, other than as specifically provided for in this Agreement, not make any specific use of any Sponsor Mark without first submitting a sample of such use to Sponsor and obtaining its prior consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The foregoing license shall terminate upon the effective date of the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

               4.1.2.  Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, drkoop.com hereby represents that it has the power and authority to grant, and does hereby grant to Sponsor a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to reproduce and display all logos, trademarks, trade names and similar identifying material relating to drkoop.com and, solely as allowed pursuant to this Agreement, to the Dr. C. Everett Koop name (collectively, the "drkoop.com Marks") solely in connection with the promotion, marketing and distribution of the parties and the Sites in accordance with the terms hereof, provided, however, that Sponsor shall, other than as specifically provided for in Section 4.4 of this Agreement, not make any specific use of any drkoop.com Marks without first submitting a sample of such use to drkoop.com and obtaining its prior consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The foregoing license shall terminate upon the effective date of the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

         4.2.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP. Each party shall retain all right, title, and interest (including all copyrights, patents, service marks, trademarks and other intellectual property rights) in its Site. Except for the license granted pursuant to this Agreement, neither party shall acquire any interest in the other party's Site or any other services or materials, or any copies or portions thereof, provided by such party pursuant to this Agreement.

         4.3.  REMOVAL OF MATERIALS. Each party reserves the right to reject or remove any content, information, data, logos, trademarks and other materials (collectively, "Materials") provided by the other from its servers at any time if, in its reasonable opinion, it believes that any such Materials infringe any third-party intellectual property right, are libelous or invade the privacy or violate other rights of any person, violate applicable laws or regulations, or jeopardize

                                       5

  the health or safety of any person. Each party will use reasonable efforts to contact the other prior to removing any of its Materials from its servers and will work with the other to resolve the issue as quickly as possible.

         4.4.  USE OF NAME AND LIKENESS. Sponsor shall not have any right to use the name and/or likeness of Dr. C. Everett Koop or to make any statements, whether written or oral, which state or otherwise imply, directly or indirectly, any endorsement from or affiliation with Dr. C. Everett Koop in any manner whatsoever without the prior written consent of drkoop.com, which consent may be withheld in drkoop.com's sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sponsor is hereby authorized during the Term to use the logo and tag lines set forth on Exhibit D, on its Site, in its catalogs and in its stores in connection with its marketing and promotion efforts, in each case in accordance with the terms of





this Agreement and subject to the reasonable approval of drkoop.com. Sponsor is hereby authorized to place such logo and any one of such tag lines on its Site, in its stores and in its catalogs in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE V.                                 CONFIDENTIALITY

         5.1.  CONFIDENTIALITY. For the purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" means non-public information about the disclosing party's business or activities that is proprietary and confidential, which shall include, without limitation, all business, financial, technical and other information of a party marked or designated "confidential" or by its nature or the circumstances surrounding its disclosure should reasonably be regarded as confidential. Confidential Information includes not only written or other tangible information, but also information transferred orally, visually, electronically or by any other means. Confidential Information will not include information that (i) is in or enters the public domain without breach of this Agreement, (ii) the receiving party lawfully receives from a third party without restriction on disclosure and without breach of a nondisclosure obligation or (iii) the receiving party knew prior to receiving such information from the disclosing party or develops independently.

         5.2.  EXCLUSIONS. Each party agrees (i) that it will not disclose to any third party or use any Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other except as expressly permitted in this Agreement and (ii) that it will take all reasonable measures to maintain the confidentiality of all Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control, which will in no event be less than the measures it uses to maintain the confidentiality of its own information of similar importance.

         5.3.  EXCEPTIONS. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party may disclose Confidential Information (i) to the extent required by a court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental authority or otherwise as required by law, provided, however, that with respect to filing obligations under the securities laws, each party will, to the extent that it is required to file this Agreement, file this Agreement in redacted form reasonably approved by the other party prior to such filing or (ii) on a "need-to-know" basis under an obligation of confidentiality to its legal counsel, accountants, banks and other financing sources and their advisors. Except as set forth in

                                       6

  this Section 5.3, the terms and conditions of the Agreement will be deemed to be the Confidential Information of each party and will not be disclosed without the prior written consent of the other party.

         5.4.  SPONSOR ADVERTISING CONTENT. drkoop.com hereby confirms and agrees that during the Term Sponsor shall be able to serve up its own advertising using NetGravity software and tags, and that drkoop.com shall not do anything which would interfere or hamper such serving. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, all information regarding Sponsor Advertising Content (including Sponsor banner advertisements and e-commerce tiles), including all users viewing and clicking information with respect thereto, shall be deemed to be Confidential Information of Sponsor (collectively, "Sponsor Confidential Advertising Information"). To the extent that in connection with drkoop.com's advertising efforts, or otherwise, any third party may or will receive any Sponsor Confidential Advertising Information from or through drkoop.com, drkoop.com agrees that prior to such third party receiving any such information drkoop.com will enter into an agreement with such third party pursuant to which such third party will agree to keep any such Sponsor Confidential Advertising Information received by such third party confidential to the same extent as drkoop.com is required to keep such information confidential under the Agreement. To the extent that any third party breaches any such agreement of confidentiality with drkoop.com, drkoop.com hereby agrees to enforce its rights and pursue its remedies under such agreement to the fullest extent permitted by law, including seeking equitable relief, * * *.

                                  ARTICLE VI.                 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; INDEMNIFICATION

         6.1.  SPONSOR WARRANTY. Sponsor represents and warrants for the benefit of drkoop.com that the Sponsor Advertising Content and Sponsor Marks are true and correct and do not and will not for the Term infringe upon or violate: (i) any intellectual property rights, including any copyright or trademark rights, of any third party and do not and will not constitute a defamation or invasion of the rights of privacy or publicity of any kind of any third party, (ii) any applicable law, regulation or non-proprietary third-party right. Sponsor further represents and warrants for the benefit of drkoop.com that the Sponsor Advertising Content does not contain any material which is unlawful, harmful, abusive, hateful, obscene, threatening or defamatory and Sponsor is not an entity or an affiliate of any entity which engages in the manufacture or wholesale distribution of tobacco or tobacco products (such activities are collectively referred to herein as "Tobacco Industry Affiliation").

         6.2.  DRKOOP.COM WARRANTY. Drkoop.com represents and warrants for the benefit of Sponsor that the drkoop.com Marks are true and correct and do not and will not for the Term infringe upon or violate: (i) any intellectual property rights, including any copyright or

____________________ * * *    Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed          separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential          treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.





                                       7

  trademark rights, of any third party and do not and will not constitute a defamation or invasion of the rights of privacy or publicity of any kind of any third party, (ii) any applicable law, regulation or non-proprietary third-party right. Drkoop.com further represents and warrants for the benefit of Sponsor that the drkoop.com Marks do not contain any material which is unlawful, harmful, abusive, hateful, obscene, threatening or defamatory, and drkoop.com has the right to license the drkoop.com Marks, including the Dr. C. Everett Koop name (to the extent licensed under this Agreement), in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

         6.3.  INDEMNIFICATION. Each party hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other party and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, shareholders, partners, members and other owners, against any and all claims, actions, demands, liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, settlements, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) (any or all of the foregoing hereinafter referred to as "Losses") insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based on (i) the breach of any representation or warranty set forth in Articles 4, 5 or 6, (ii) any breach by it of the licenses granted by it hereunder; (iii) the use by it of any trademarks or Content other than in accordance with the terms hereof; * * *. For purposes herein, "Content" shall mean, with respect to each party, the proprietary content delivered by such party to the other party pursuant to this Agreement, including, Sponsor Advertising Content, but only to the extent that such content is not altered by the receiving party, and the proprietary content contained on such party's Site, and shall include only that content created by such party, its employees or other persons contractually bound to such party to create such content. The foregoing obligations are contingent upon the indemnified party: (i) promptly notifying the indemnifying party of any claim, suit, or proceeding for which indemnity is claimed; (ii) cooperating reasonably with the indemnifying party at the latter's expense; and (iii) allowing the indemnifying party to control the defense or settlement thereof. The indemnified party will have the right to participate in any defense of a claim and/or to be represented by counsel of its own choosing at its own expense.

                                 ARTICLE VII.                             LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

         7.1.  WARRANTY. Drkoop.com will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the drkoop.com Website available and display the Sponsor Advertising Content twenty four hours per day each day during the term of the Agreement. Drkoop.com shall install and maintain a commercially acceptable system of collecting information about impressions and other data relating to the use of the Sponsor Advertising Content. Drkoop.com warrants to Sponsor that it will make reasonable effort to perform under this agreement in a competent manner. * * *

         7.2.  DISCLAIMER. Each party will be solely responsible for the development, operation and maintenance of its Site and for all materials that appear on its Site. Such

____________________ * * *    Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed          separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential          treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.

                                       8

  responsibilities include, but are not limited to: (i) the technical operation of its Site and all related equipment; (ii) the accuracy and appropriateness of materials posted on its Site; (iii) for ensuring that materials posted on its Site do not violate any law, rule or regulation, including all FDA requirements, or infringe upon the rights of any third party (including, for example, copyright, trademarks, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights); and (iv) for ensuring that materials posted on its Site are not libelous or otherwise illegal. Each party disclaims all liability for all such matters with respect to the other party's Site. Except for the foregoing, or as otherwise specifically set forth in this Agreement, neither party makes any representations, warranties or guarantees of any kind, either express or implied (including, without limitation, any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose), with respect to their respective Sites, or the functionality, performance or results of use thereof, or otherwise in connection with this Agreement.

         7.3.  EXCLUSION OF WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTY TO THE OTHER PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH PARTY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO ITS SITE AND SERVICES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF NONINFRINGEMENT AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN PARTICULAR, AND NOT BY WAY OF LIMITATION, NEITHER PARTY WARRANTS THAT ITS SITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR WITHOUT INTERRUPTION.

         7.4.  DAMAGES. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 6.3, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS TERMINATION, WHETHER LIABILITY IS ASSERTED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. * * *

                                 ARTICLE VIII.                              TERM AND TERMINATION





         8.1.  TERM; TERMINATION.

               8.1.1. The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the

____________________ * * *    Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed          separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential          treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.

                                       9

  Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement. If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.

               * * *

         8.2.  TERMINATION FOR TOBACCO INDUSTRY AFFILIATION. Upon commencing any activities relating to Tobacco Industry Affiliation (as defined in Section 6.1), Sponsor shall promptly notify drkoop.com of its intent to undertake Tobacco Industry Affiliation. Upon receipt of such notice or upon learning of any such Tobacco Industry Affiliation from a third party, drkoop.com shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately on written notice to Sponsor without liability of any kind.

         8.3.  TERMINATION FOR GARNISHMENT. * * * Additionally, in the event that either party undertakes any action or fails to undertake any action, which the other party reasonably believes tarnishes the high quality of its name or trademarks, including, with respect to drkoop.com, the "Dr. Koop" name, the other party shall have the right to terminate this agreement upon ten (10) days' written notice to the other party, provided that such action or inaction is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the terminating party within such ten day period.

         8.4.  TERMINATION FOR CAUSE. Either party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days' written notice of a breach by the other party, provided such breach is not cured within such thirty-day period.

         8.5.  TERMINATION BY INSOLVENCY. Either party may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to the other party if the other party ceases to function as a going concern, becomes insolvent, makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, files a petition in bankruptcy, permits a petition in bankruptcy to be filed against it, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature, or if a receiver is appointed for a substantial part of its assets.

         8.6.  SURVIVAL. The following Sections shall survive termination of this Agreement: Article 5 (Confidentiality), Article 6 (Representations, Warranties and Indemnification), Article 7 (Limitation of Liability), and Article 9 (General).

____________________ * * *    Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed          separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential          treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.

                                       10

                                    ARTICLE IX.                                     GENERAL

         9.1.  PUBLICITY. Except as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or a court of competent jurisdiction, or as required to meet credit and financing arrangements, or as required or appropriate in the reasonable judgment of either party to satisfy the disclosure requirements of an applicable securities law or regulation or any applicable accounting standard, neither party shall make any public release respecting this Agreement and the terms hereof without the prior consent of the other party.

         9.2.  ARBITRATION. Any and all disputes, controversies and claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement or concerning the respective rights or obligations of the parties hereto shall be settled and determined by arbitration in the defending parties home forum before one (1) arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Rules then in effect of the American Arbitration Association. Each party shall have no longer than three (3) days to present its position. Judgment upon the award rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction or application may be made to such court for a judicial acceptance of the award and an order of enforcement. The parties agree that the arbitrators shall have the power to award damages, injunctive relief and reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses to any party in such arbitration.

         9.3.  ASSIGNMENT. Neither party may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the other party's written consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, except that: (a) a party's rights and obligation hereunder may be transferred to a successor of all or substantially all of the





business and assets of the party regardless of how the transaction or series of related transactions is structured, provided, that the successor party agrees to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and (b) Sponsor may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any entity (i) which operates the Sponsor Website and (ii) which agrees to bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

         9.4.  GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, but without giving effect to its laws or rules relating to conflicts of laws.

         9.5.  NOTICE. All notices, statements and reports required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and deemed to have been effectively given and received: (i) five (5) business days after the date of mailing if sent by registered or certified U.S. mail, postage prepaid, with return receipt requested; (ii) when transmitted if sent by facsimile, provided a confirmation of transmission is produced by the sending machine and a copy of such facsimile is promptly sent by another means specified in this section; or (iii) when delivered if delivered personally or sent by express courier service. Notices shall be addressed as follows:

                                       11

           For drkoop.com:                          For Sponsor:

         drkoop.com.                              Vitamin Shoppe Industries,                                                    Inc.          Personal Medical Records, Inc.           4700 Westside Avenue          8920 Business Park Drive                 North Bergen, New Jersey 07047          Austin, TX 78759                         Attn: Ms. Miriam Nesheiwat          Attn: Chief Financial Officer            Fax: 201-583-1834          Fax:   512-726-5130                      Email: mnesh@vitaminshoppe.com          Email: gsears@drkoop.com

                                              With a copy to:                                                   H. Leigh Feldman                                                   Robinson Silverman Pearce                                                     Aronsohn & Berman LLP                                                   1290 Avenue of the Americas                                                   32nd Floor                                                   New York, NY 10104                                                   Fax: 212-541-1492                                                   Email: feldman@rspab.com

Either party may change its address for the purpose of this paragraph by notice given pursuant to this paragraph

         9.6.  NO AGENCY. The parties are independent contractors and will have no power or authority to assume or create any obligation or responsibility on behalf of each other. This Agreement will not be construed to create or imply any partnership, agency or joint venture.

         9.7.  SEVERABILITY. In the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable by a court or arbitrator, the remaining portions of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect.

         9.8.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement is the complete and exclusive agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding any prior agreements and communications (both written and oral) regarding such subject matter. This Agreement may only be modified, or any rights under it waived, by a written document executed by both parties.

         9.9.  COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts which, when signed, shall constitute one document.

                                       12

           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.

                                            drkoop.com, inc.

                                            By:______________________________                                                Name:                                                Title:

                                           VITAMIN SHOPPE INDUSTRIES, INC.

                                            By:______________________________                                                Name:                                                Title:

                                       13

                                  SCHEDULE 1.2(I)                              SCREEN SHOT MOCK-UPS

[ATTACHED]

                                     EXHIBIT A                               DIRECT COMPETITORS





* * *

____________________ * * *    Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed          separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential          treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.

                                     EXHIBIT B                          FORM OF HEALTHLINKS AGREEMENT

[ATTACHED]

                                     EXHIBIT C                           ADVERTISING SPECIFICATIONS

File Formats

Naming Convention: (lowercase only, 8.3)

Alternate Text: Use ALT tag; ten words or less

Image Dimensions :

Sponsor Banner: 468 pixels by 60 pixels, 234 pixels by 60 pixels, 120 pixels by 60 pixels

Image File Format: [GIF/JPEG]

Image File Size: 12 k maximum file size

File Names:Use Sponsor name.: [Sponsor].gif]

Delivery of GIFs

Email - mbaehr@drkoop.com.com, cc: gsears@drkoop.com.com

We accept [,CompactPro, zip, gzip, and UNIX tar or compress] format tiles. All formats must be mailed in [ASCII encoding(uuencode, mmencode)].

                                     EXHIBIT D                            DRKOOP.COM CORPORATE LOGO

[LOGO ATTACHED]

"The Vitamin Shoppe is the proud exclusive vitamin sponsor of drkoop.com."

"The Vitamin Shoppe is a proud sponsor of drkoop.com, the Trusted Health Network, led by Dr. C. Everett Koop."

The Vitamin Shoppe is a proud sponsor of drkoop.com, the Trusted Health Network, led by Dr. C. Everett Koop."
Exhibit 10.14 License and Development Agreement "Agreement" between NLS-1 Pharma AG Alter Postplatz 2 6370 Stans Switzerland "Licensor" / "NLS" and Eurofarma Laboratórios S.A. Avenida Vereador José Diniz 3465 04603-003 São Paulo Brazil "Licensee" / "Eurofarma" (Licensor and Licensee each a ʺPartyʺ collectively the ʺPartiesʺ) regarding Nolazol® (Mazindol CR) in ADHD - Latin America

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

Table of Content WHEREAS 1 1. Definitions 1 2. Grant of License 4 2.1. Grant of rights 4 2.2. Restrictions 4 3. License Fees and Milestone Payments 5 3.1. Upfront Payment 5 3.2. Milestone payments 5 3.3. Royalties 6 3.4. Reports 6 3.5. Records and Audits 6 3.6. Payment Terms 7 4. Business Plan 7 5. Development Work 8 6. Further Development Work 8 7. Brand Name and Trademarks 9 8. Labelling and Packaging 9 9. Regulatory Obligations and Procedures 10 9.1. Regulatory Obligations and Procedures in General 10 9.2. Notifications 10 9.3. Regulatory Obligations of Licensee 10 9.4. Regulatory Obligations of Licensor 10 9.5. Pharmacovigilance 11 10. Cooperation and Joint Project Steering Committee 11 10.1. Cooperation 11 10.2. Transfer of Know-how 11 10.3. Joint Steering Committee 12 11. Commercialization 12 12. Supply 13 13. Property rights to Intellectual Property 13 14. Prosecution of Infringements of Intellectual Property 13 14.1. Notice 13 14.2. Action 13 14.3. Information 14 15. Representations and Warranties 14 15.1. Licensor Representations and Warranties 14 15.2. Licensee Representations and Warranties 14 15.3. Other Representations and Warranties 15 16. Liability and Limitations 15 17. Indemnities 16 17.1. Indemnities by the Licensor 16 17.2. Indemnities by the Licensee 16 17.3. Third party claims 16 18. Confidentiality 17 18.1. Confidentiality Obligations 17 18.2. Exceptions to Obligations 17 18.3. Survival of Confidentiality Obligations 18

i

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

19. Term and Termination 18 19.1. Term 18 19.2. Termination for Change of Control 18 19.3. Termination for Bankruptcy, Liquidation and similar proceedings 18 19.4. Early Termination for Material Breach 18 19.5. Early Termination by the Licensor 19 19.6. Early Termination by the Licensee 19 19.7. Consequences of Expiration or Termination 20 20. General Provisions 20 20.1. Amendments 20 20.2. Notices 20 20.3. Severability / Good Faith 20 20.4. No Waiver 21 20.5. No Assignment 21 20.6. Appendices 21 20.7. Public Announcements 21 21. Governing Law and Jurisdiction 21 Table of Appendices 23 Appendix A - [Template for Licensee Reports] 24 Appendix B - Preliminary Business Plan 25 Appendix C*- Purpose of the JSC pre and post MA * No such appendix completed by the parties.

ii

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

WHEREAS A. NLS carries on the business of researching, developing and manufacturing certain pharmaceutical products and is the legal and beneficial owner of certain Intellectual Property, including Patents, Know-how and other materials (all words with capital letters are defined below); B. Eurofarma is a pharmaceutical company with expertise in researching, developing, manufacturing, marketing and sales of pharmaceutical products, including products in the Field, and has a distribution network throughout Latin America; C. Eurofarma wishes to receive an exclusive license from NLS to register, import, export, store, handle, commercialize, have commercialized, promote, have promoted, distribute, have distributed, sell and have sold the Licensed Product in the Territory, and NLS wishes to grant a respective license on the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement; D. The Parties acknowledge that further development of the Products will be necessary to develop the required Dossier as defined hereunder for obtaining Marketing Authorisation(s) in the Territory and wish to collaborate on the further development of the Products. NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 1. Definitions When used in this Agreement in capital letters, the terms and abbreviations set forth below, whether used in the singular or plural, shall have the following meaning: Affiliates means any company, enterprise, corporation or business entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, either the Licensor or Licensee. For this purpose, "control" shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity, whether through holding a majority of the voting rights of the entity, by contract or otherwise. Agreement shall mean this Agreement, including all of its Appendices. Appendix shall mean any appendix to this Agreement. Article shall mean an article of this Agreement. Change of Control shall mean any merger, consolidation or acquisition of a Party with, by or into another corporation, entity or person; or any change in the ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting capital stock or actual control over the voting rights in one or more related transactions. Confidential Information shall have the meaning set forth in Article 18.

Developed Intellectual Property

shall mean any and all changes, additional Know-how, improvements and inventions relating to the Intellectual Property (such as, without limitation, method of use patents) made after the Effective Date of this Agreement.

1

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

Distributor shall mean a company appointed by Licensee and agreed by Licensor in a country of the Territory for the import, selling, promotion and distribution of the Licensed Product in such country of the Territory. Dossier shall mean the registration file for the Licensed Product (which will be developed based on the Know-how and the Intellectual Property Rights) including any data, studies, documents, reports, correspondence with regulatory authorities, approvals and information that is necessary for obtaining and maintaining one or several Marketing Authorizations in the Territory. Effective Date shall be the date of the last signature on the last page of this Agreement.

Field shall mean the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of DSM-V Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in children, adolescents and adult populations. Indemnified Party shall have the meaning set forth in Article 17.3.

Intellectual Property shall mean Intellectual Property Rights and Know-how.

Intellectual Property Rights

shall mean with respect to the Licensed Product (as defined hereunder) any and all patents, copyright (including software), rights under data exclusivity laws, property rights in biological or chemical materials, names, trademarks, extension of the terms of any such rights (including supplementary protection certificates), applications for and the right to apply for any of the foregoing registered property rights, and similar or analogous rights anywhere in the world. Joint Steering Committee / JSC

shall have the meaning set forth in Article 10.3 of this Agreement.

Know-how shall mean with respect to the Licensed Product (as defined hereunder), all materials, laboratory, pre-clinical and clinical data, knowhow, trade secrets and all other scientific, technical, including manufacturing or regulatory information, patentable or otherwise, developed, applied or acquired by NLS which relates to the identification, characterization, expression, synthesis, use, or production of the Licensed Product and which is reasonably useful or necessary to research, develop, use, make, have made, import, distribute, offer for sale, and/or sell the Product. Launch shall mean the first commercial sale of a Licensed Product in a country of the Territory by the Licensee or an Affiliate of the Licensee or by a Distributor engaged by Licensee. Lead Countries Brazil, Mexico and Argentina.

License shall have the meaning set forth in Article 2.1 of this Agreement.

2

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

Licensed Product Any and all products that are manufactured, sold, or otherwise supplied by the Licensee (including any Affiliate or Distributor of the Licensee) and which incorporate, or their development makes use of, any Intellectual Property or Developed Intellectual Property. Licensee Know-how shall mean with respect to the Licensed Product (as defined hereunder) all know-how, trade secrets and scientific, technical, including manufacturing or regulatory information, developed, applied or acquired by Eurofarma which relates to the identification, characterization, expression, synthesis, use, or production of the Licensed Product and which is reasonably useful or necessary to research, develop, use, make, have made, import, distribute, offer for sale, and/or sell the Licensed Product. Losses shall have the meaning set forth in Article 17.1 of this Agreement. Marketing Authorisation / MA

in relation to the Licensed Product, shall mean those approvals necessary from one or more competent authorities in the Territory for manufacturing, importing, marketing, distributing, offering for sale and/or selling the Licensed Product in one or several countries of the Territory. Net Sales means the total of the gross invoice prices of Licensed Products sold or leased by the Licensee, an Affiliate, a Distributor, or any combination thereof, less the sum of the following actual and customary deductions where applicable and separately listed: cash, trade, or quantity discounts; sales, use, tariff, import/export duties or other excise taxes imposed on particular sales (in particular value-added tax); transportation charges; or credits to customers because of rejections or returns. For purposes of calculating Net Sales, transfers to an Affiliate or to a Distributor of Licensed Product under this Agreement for (i) end use (but not resale) by the Affiliate shall be treated as sales by Licensee at the list price of the Licensee in an arm- length transaction, or (ii) resale by an Affiliate shall be treated as sales at the list price of the Affiliate. Patents shall mean Brazilian Patent Application No. BR 11 2018 068143 filed on September 6, 2018, and Mexican Patent Application No. MX/a/2018/010864 filed on September 7, 2018, covering multi-layered formulation of Mazindol, including all provisional applications, continuations, divisions, extensions, re-examinations, certificates, reissues and Supplementary Protection Certificates. Phase III Clinical Trial shall mean a controlled clinical study of mazindol CR that aims to establish the therapeutic benefit and safety of mazindol CR in the Field in a larger patient sample in a manner sufficient to be included in the Dossier and obtain one or several Marketing Authorisations to market such Licensed Product in the Territory.

3

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

Report(s) shall have the meaning set forth in Article 3.4. Royalty / Royalties shall have the meaning set forth in Article 3.3. Territory The countries of Latin America Trademarks shall have the meaning set forth in Article 7. 2. Grant of License 2.1. Grant of rights Subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in this Agreement, the Licensor hereby grants to the Licensee, and the Licensee hereby accepts, (i) an exclusive, fee-bearing, non-transferable distribution right of the Licensed Product in the Territory during the Term (the "Distribution"), (ii) an exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable license to the Licensor's Patents and Trademarks to register, import, export, store, handle, commercialize, have commercialized, promote, have promoted, distribute, have distributed, sell and have sold the Licensed Product during the Term, without the right to sublicense (the "License"), and (iii) an exclusive, royalty-bearing, non-transferable license to the Intellectual Property (except Patents and Trademarks ) and the Developed Intellectual Property and a right to obtain the technology transfer of the Know-How to manufacture the Licensed Product in the Territory during the Term, pursuant to the conditions set forth in Article 2.3 below and elsewhere in this Agreement (the "Technology Transfer"), all to register, import, export, store, handle, commercialize, have commercialized, promote, have promoted, distribute, have distributed, manufacture, have manufactured, sell and have sold the Licensed Product during the Term, without the right to sublicense. 2.2. Restrictions Licensee may extend the rights granted herein to register, import, export, store, handle, commercialize, promote, distribute and sell to its Affiliates and to its Distributors, provided that Licensee shall first provide to Licensor a written assurance from each of such Affiliate or Distributor to agree to be bound by, and to strictly comply with, all applicable terms, conditions, and obligations in this Agreement towards Licensor. Licensee shall not be entitled to assign the License or any of its rights under this Agreement or to grant any sub-licenses. 2.3. Technology Transfer After Licensor and Licensee have agreed to move forward to the Technology Transfer phase, the Parties will execute a separate Technology Transfer Agreement, which shall be at arms-length basis and pursuant to the conditions herein. For that purpose, Licensor hereby undertakes to transfer to Licensee all Know-how in order to enable Licensee to implement it in its plant to register, import, export, store, handle, commercialize, have commercialized, promote, have promoted, distribute, have distributed, manufacture, have manufactured, sell and have sold the Licensed Product during the Term. Licensee undertake to use the transferred Know-how solely for the purposes and limits provided in this Agreement. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Know-how does not include Licensee Know-how Licensor shall render to Licensee all technical assistance necessary to enable Licensee to fully implement the Technology Transfer phase in Licensee's premises. The royalties provided in this Agreement already includes such technical assistance, unless the Parties otherwise mutually and in good-faith agree. In such case, the Parties will provide in separate agreement the additional conditions for the Technology Transfer, which shall be at arms-length basis.

4

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

3. License Fees and Milestone Payments 3.1. Upfront Payment Upon signature of this Agreement and no later than 20 days following it, Eurofarma shall pay to NLS, for the rights pursuant to Article 2.1(i), the non-refundable and non-deductible sum of USD 2'500'000 (in words: US dollars two and a half million). 3.2. Milestone payments Upon achievement of each of the milestone events set out below, Eurofarma shall pay to NLS the non-refundable and non- deductible amounts set out below next to such milestone event: 3.2.1. Clinical Milestones Upon successful completion by NLS in the US of the Phase III Clinical Trial for the treatment of ADHD in adults (successful completion meaning reaching the primary endpoints of the respective study) USD 500'000 Upon successful completion by NLS in the US of the last Phase III Clinical Trial for the treatment of ADHD in children (successful completion meaning reaching the primary endpoints of the respective study) USD 500'000 3.2.2. Regulatory Milestones Upon price approval of the Licensed Product in Brazil by the relevant agency USD 1'000'000 Upon receipt of a MA by the relevant agency of the Licensed Product in any other country in the Territory USD 1'000'000 3.2.3. Sales Milestones (single payments) Upon reaching annual Net Sales of USD 10 million USD 1'000'000 Upon reaching annual Net Sales of USD 50 million USD 2'000'000 Upon reaching annual Net Sales of USD 75 million USD 4'000'000 Upon reaching annual Net Sales of USD 100 million USD 6'000'000

5

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

3.3. Royalties For the Technology Transfer and as applicable for the License granted by NLS to Eurofarma under article 2.1(iii) hereabove, Eurofarma shall pay to NLS royalty payments (the "Royalties") on the annual Net Sales in the Territory according to the following table:

Annual Net Sales in the Territory in USD:

Royalty in Percent of Net Sales under 10 million 7% 10 million to < 20 million 8% 20 million to < 30 million 9% 30 million and above 10% Royalty payments shall be paid quarterly within thirty (45) days following the close of the calendar quarter. 3.4. Reports After the first commercial sale of a Licensed Product anywhere in the Territory, Eurofarma shall submit to Licensor quarterly reports on or before 15 days after the last business day of the month following each quarter of the year, and this for each year. Each report (the "Reports") shall cover Eurofarma's (and each Affiliate's, unless the Parties agree that such Affiliates shall submit its reports directly to Licensor) and Distributors' last recently completed quarter and shall show: (i) the gross sales and Net Sales during the last recently completed quarterly period and the Royalties, in USD, payable with respect thereto; (ii) the number of the Licensed Products sold in each country of the Territory; (iii) the method used to calculate the Royalties; and (iv) the exchange rates used to convert the country currency to USD, as applicable. The Licensee shall provide the above information using the form as shown in Appendix A and include information on the date of the first commercial sale of the Licensed Product in each country. If no sales of Licensed Product have been made by the Licensee during a reporting period, Licensee shall report such information in the corresponding Report(s). 3.5. Records and Audits The Licensee shall keep, and shall require its Affiliates and Distributors to keep, accurate and correct records of the Licensed Product used and sold under this Agreement. Such records shall be retained by the Licensee for ten (10) years following a given reporting period.

6

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

Subject to a written advance notice of thirty (30) calendar days, all relevant records supporting the preparation of the Reports shall be made available during normal business hours for inspection at the expense of Licensor by Licensor or by a selected representative of Licensor for the sole purpose of verifying the Reports and the accuracy of the payments made or due to Licensor under this Agreement. Such inspector shall not request any other documents or information other than these related to this purpose as determined in its sole discretion and the Licensee shall have no obligation to provide the inspector or Licensor any documents or information not related thereto. In the event that any such inspection shows an underreporting and underpayment by the Licensee to Licensor under the terms of this Agreement in excess of one percent (1%) for any twelve-month (12-month) period, then Licensee shall pay the cost of the audit as well as any additional sum that would have been payable to Licensor had the Licensee reported correctly, plus an interest charge at a rate of ten percent (10%) per year. Such interest shall be calculated from the date the correct payment was due to Licensor up to the date when such payment is actually made by the Licensee. For underpayment not in excess of one percent (1%) for any twelve-month (12-month) period, the Licensee shall pay the difference within thirty (30) days without having to pay for the inspection cost but with interest charge calculated as per the provisions of this Article. 3.6. Payment Terms All payments due to the Licensor according to this Agreement shall be in US dollar, unless the Parties mutually agree otherwise. All payments are exclusive of VAT and other applicable taxes. Royalties earned on Net Sales shall not be reduced by the Licensee for any taxes, fees, or other charges imposed by the government of any country on the payment of royalty income, except that all payments made by Licensee in fulfilment of the Licensors' tax liability in any particular country may be credited against earned Royalties or fees due to the Licensor for that country. The Licensee shall pay all bank charges resulting from the transfer of such Royalty payments. Except for article 3.1 hereabove, payments shall be made by wire transfer to the bank nominated by Licensor, in maximum 45 days after the issuance by NLS of the corresponding invoices, In the event any payment due under this Agreement is not made at the agreed term and/or for the corresponding full amount, a late payment charge of ten percent (10 %) p.a. is due, calculated on a pro-rata basis of the number of days between the date at which the outstanding amount was due for payment to Licensor and the date is actually paid. For the payments under Article 2.1(iii) above, referred to in Article 3.3, Licensor understands that any such payments may only be remitted by Licensee after this (or a corresponding) Agreement has been recorded by the Brazilian Patent and Trademark Office ("INPI") and registered by the Brazilian Central Bank ("Bacen"), as required by Brazilian law. 4. Business Plan Prior to the signing of this Agreement, Eurofarma has prepared and presented to NLS a high-level business plan, focusing on the Lead Countries (the "Preliminary Business Plan" as per Appendix B). Following the signing of this Agreement and prior to the Launch in each of the Lead Countries, and in any other countries of the Territories as applicable, Eurofarma shall present to NLS its business plan in such countries (the "Business Plan") consistent with commercially reasonable efforts to launch and market the Licensed Product in such countries of the Territory and consistent with the Preliminary Business Plan.

7

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

Eurofarma shall use reasonable commercial efforts to comply with the sales set out in the Preliminary Business Plan, and the Business Plan may be updated annually by Eurofarma based on updates on the clinical development timelines, market and economic changes and results from clinical trials, which shall be mutually accepted and agreed between the Parties. Except for critical changes in the assumptions considered in the Preliminary Business Plan, the sales shall not vary substantially. 5. Development Work The Parties acknowledge and agree that development work will need to be carried out in the US in order to seek a Marketing Authorization of mazindol CR for use in the Field in the United States (the "Development Work"). The Development Work will in particular consist of, but not be limited to: a. the design, conduct and execution of pre-clinical studies and Phase I Clinical Trial for the End of Phase II Meeting by NLS as the sponsor (the "US Sponsor") in the US in accordance with the guidance and requests from the US FDA; b. the design, conduct and execution of Phase III Clinical Trials by the US Sponsor in the US in accordance with the guidance and requests from the US FDA; c. the development of the registration dossier which shall be submitted by NLS to the FDA to seek a marketing authorization of Nolazol® (mazindol CR) for the treatment of ADHD in the US (the "FDA Dossier"). The Parties further acknowledge and agree that: i. such Development Work shall be carried out by NLS under its sole responsibility and its sole discretion as the US Sponsor; ii. NLS shall bear the costs of the Development Work it carries out in the US for the purpose of filing an NDA and seeking a marketing authorization in the US; iii. NLS shall share with Eurofarma the final reports of the planned studies in the Development Work as soon as available which shall be only used by Eurofarma for the Dossier and for no other purposes. Such reports constitute Developed Intellectual Property and are the sole property and Confidential Information of Licensor. 6. Further Development Work The Parties acknowledge and agree that further development work on the Licensed Product may have to be carried out in order to seek and obtain MA of the Licensed Product in certain of the countries of the Territory (the "Further Development Work"). The Parties acknowledge and agree that: i) NLS shall have sole responsibility and control of such Further Development Work, irrespective of whether it is carried by NLS as sponsor, or delegated by NLS to Eurofarma in any countries of the Territory or to any other 3rd party at NLS sole discretion ii) Eurofarma shall provide at its own costs timely input to NLS on the specific data and information not planned by NLS to be included in the FDA Dossier which are to be requested by the regulatory authorities of any of the Lead Countries to seek a MA in the Lead Countries (the "US Supplemental Data");

8

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

iii) NLS shall use commercially reasonable efforts to generate the US Supplemental Data at a shared cost between the Parties which shall be made available to Eurofarma for inclusion in the registration dossiers filed by Eurofarma to seek a MA; iv) If the regulatory authorities of any countries of the Territory request specific data to be generated locally in subjects of such countries in order to seek a MA, Eurofarma shall solely bear the respective costs of the studies needed to generate such data (the "Local Supplemental Data"); v) Eurofarma shall be responsible for the preparation and submission of the registration dossiers in the Lead Countries and in the other countries of the Territory seeking to obtain a MA in such countries; vi) Eurofarma shall be the responsible Party for the discussions with the regulatory health authorities or with the other relevant authorities of such countries of the Territory involved in the MA process; vii) any intellectual property, know-how, trade secrets, data, processes whether patentable or not which may arise from the Further Development Work and the Supplemental Data shall be solely owned by NLS and shall fall under NLS Intellectual Property Rights and any other rights as the case maybe, except any information that is or becomes public (non-confidential) other than as a direct or indirect result of a disclosure by Licensee or any of its representatives. Licensee Knowhow shall belong to Licensee; viii) as set forth in Article 10.3 below a Joint Steering Committee shall be set-up. The JSC shall solely have an advisory role to the Parties. NLS shall retain final responsibility for the design, conduct and execution of the Development Work and Further Development Work. 7. Brand Name and Trademarks The brand name for the Licensed Product in the Territory shall be Nolazol® (Brazilian trademark application No. 916475913 and in Mexico and elsewhere in the Territory to be provided by Licensor, collectively referred to as "Trademark") and may be modified by another name chosen and solely owned by the Licensor, subject to such modified name being communicated to Licensee no later than 6 months before the market launch of the License Product in Brazil. The Licensor shall be free to select and register any names and trademarks for the Licensed Product at its sole discretion. Such trademarks and names shall be prepared and owned by the Licensor at its expense. The Licensor shall bear all costs associated with the use of such trademarks and names. During the entire validity of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to License an exclusive and royaltyfree right to use the Trademark in the Territory. During any sell-off period the license shall be non-exclusive. 8. Labelling and Packaging Licensee shall at its own expense create the labelling, localized product information and packaging for the Licensed Product. Licensor and Licensee shall cooperate in order to obtain the necessary regulatory and governmental approvals for such labelling and packaging.

9

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

9. Regulatory Obligations and Procedures 9.1. Regulatory Obligations and Procedures in General The Parties acknowledge that Marketing Authorisation(s) for the Licensed Product will have to be obtained for the purpose of this Agreement. The Parties will mutually agree on the regulatory pathway(s) to be used through the Joint Steering Committee. 9.2. Notifications Each of the Parties shall promptly notify the other party in writing of any technical or clinical advances, useful modifications, side effects or new government regulations relating to the Licensed Product that shall come to its knowledge. 9.3. Regulatory Obligations of Licensee (i) Eurofarma shall own the MAs pertaining to the commercialization of the Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory during the term of this Agreement or until its termination prior to its term as set forth in Articles 19.2 to 19.6. Upon expiration or termination, Eurofarma shall i) immediately transfer the MAs to the Licensor or to any other party designated by the Licensor and return all relevant documents prepared or submitted that are related to the MAs, including those documents, data or information generated post MA filings, in maximum 30 days after the notification of termination; if the Licensor does not decide and inform within this period to whom the MAs and documents shall be transferred, then the Licensee shall have no obligation to keep them actives ii) shall forfeit its ownership of the MAs in any and all of the countries of the Territory and with other regulatory agencies, without any form of compensation except for the compensation under the conditions set forth in Article 19.2 below and, iii) shall have no further claims of ownership and nor any other claims related to the MAs. (ii) Eurofarma shall solely bear the costs related to the required regulatory procedures and for the MA and the MA application, grant, maintenance, update, variation, defence and renewal, as the case may be, in the Territory throughout the term of this Agreement. (iii) In advance of their use and/or submission, Eurofarma shall furnish NLS with copies of all material correspondence to be sent to the competent regulatory authorities in the Territory, and all MA applications which are prepared for the Licensed Product. NLS shall have the right to comment and Eurofarma must comply with the requested changes by the NLS, provided that any such comments and/or changes are in compliance with the rules of the local and competent regulatory agencies. (iv) Subject to NLS prior written approval which may be granted at its own discretion and for its own reasons, Eurofarma may conduct certain work pre MA approval or post MA approval and in that case Eurofarma agrees to share with NLS any data from laboratory, preclinical, clinical, chemistry, manufacturing and control studies conducted in support of its regulatory filings for the development, approval, and marketing of the Licensed Product and after its marketing approval as the case may be, should Eurofarma conduct any such work on its own. Any contribution of NLS to the costs of such work (that do not fall under 9.3 (ii)) (including, without limitation, translation of documents) shall be the exclusive responsibility of NLS. 9.4. Regulatory Obligations of Licensor Licensor shall take all reasonable actions and render all reasonable assistance to help Licensee obtain and maintain the MA which are reasonably requested by the Licensee or required by the competent authorities in line with local requirements and/or necessary to avoid the imposition of any restriction or condition under the MA by the competent authorities.

10

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

Licensor shall provide the Licensee the Dossier, any updates and variations to the Dossier (such as monograph, method updates or stability data, new manufacturer or API supplier) without undue delay when such additional data is available to the Licensor. In any event, Licensor understands and agrees that any variations and/or updates shall only be implemented by Licensee once this is permissible according to applicable regulatory provisions. In case the corresponding regulatory agency requests any information on any updates and/or variations requested by NLS, the responsibility to provide such information shall be of NLS, and NLS shall be bound to any deadlines and other requirements posed by the regulatory agency. 9.5. Pharmacovigilance The Parties acknowledge that they may be required to submit adverse drug experience reports and supplemental information to governmental agencies with respect to the Products. Eurofarma shall assume full responsibility for all post MA approval Pharmacovigilance activities in the Territory Each Party has the right to receive in good faith all the safety documents referring to the product filed by the other Party to regulatory authorities including PSURs (Periodic Safety Update Report), PBRER (Periodic Benefit Risk Evaluation Report), RMP (Risk Management plans), but not limited to only these. Further, each Party agrees to report to the other Party any serious and unexpected adverse reaction with the use of mazindol CR in the Field within two business days of the initial receipt of a report or sooner if required for either Party to comply with regulatory requirements; and the Parties agree that the Licensee shall immediately report and notify in writing to NLS any adverse or suspected safety adverse events whether related or not to the Licensed Product (the "SAE's" and the "SUSAR's"). Parties shall then immediately set a Pharmacovigilance meeting or conference call to review such case and decide on course of action, in full compliance with their obligations under relevant laws and guidelines. Prior to the first commercial sale of the Licensed Product in the Territory, the Parties will negotiate and enter into a Safety Data Exchange Agreement further specifying the mutual obligations of the parties related to pharmacovigilance, to the extent that they deem this to be required under GCP's, applicable laws or other regulatory obligations, necessary or useful. 10. Cooperation and Joint Project Steering Committee 10.1. Cooperation The parties agree to cooperate in good faith with regard to all issues pertaining to the development of US Supplemental Data and Local Supplemental Data, to regulatory matters concerning the Licensed Product in any countries of the Territories, and the pre- marketing and commercial activities of the Licensed Products in countries of the Territories, as necessary and applicable. 10.2. Transfer of Know-how Each Party shall, at the other Party's request, transfer to the other Party any and all Know-how relating to each Licensed Product that the other Party reasonably needs in order to perform its obligations or exploit its rights under this Agreement. Each Party shall use such Know-how solely for the purpose of performing its obligations or exploiting its rights under this Agreement.

11

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

10.3. Joint Steering Committee Within 60 business days following the execution of this Agreement, the Parties shall set-up a joint project steering committee (the "Joint Steering Committee" or "JSC"), by each Party designating its initial members to serve on the Joint Steering Committee and notifying the other Party of its dates of availability for the first meeting of the Joint Steering Committee. The Joint Steering Committee shall be composed of senior members or representatives of NLS and Eurofarma with relevant competences in clinical development, regulatory, marketing and commercial matters and shall consist of an equal number of members appointed by each Party. The Parties will discuss und agree on the appropriate number of members. Each Party may change its members from time to time. The purpose of the Joint Steering Committee, by sharing the respective competences and experiences of the Parties shall be to as detailed below: i) facilitate the preparation of the Dossiers, identify data which may be necessary to be generated for the filings of the MA applications by the Licensee, in particular in the Lead Countries ii) agree on respective activities and responsibilities of the Parties pre-MA and post MA, in particular regarding regulatory, safety and clinical development matters pre-MA, label changes and other post MA matters iii) align the Parties on pricing strategy, sales, marketing and communication plans related to the Licensed Product, iv) annually review the performance of the Licensed Product in the Lead Countries, and other countries as applicable, against the Business Plan and propose measures to improve performance as relevant and applicable; The Business Plan shall provide sufficient details to enable an accurate assessment of the Licensed Product performance and of the resources allocated by Licensee to support its commercialization. The Joint Steering Committee shall meet a minimum of four times per calendar year at least once in person and otherwise by video- or telephone conference. The JSC shall solely have an advisory role to the Parties. Notwithstanding the above, in the event of a disagreement between the Parties on pricing strategy or on any other issues deemed material by one Party (the "Dispute"), the Dispute shall be escalated to the respective CEO's of the Parties within 30 days following its written notification by the relevant Party to the other Party. The content of Licensee's public communications on NLS, including its strategies, objectives, plans, management team, board of directors, shareholders, finances, product portfolio, intellectual property rights and patents, on the Licensed Product, its revenue and share potential, data, brand and any forward-looking statements claims shall be pre-approved by NLS. 11. Commercialization Subject to Article 10.3 above, Eurofarma shall be in charge and solely responsible for any pre-marketing, marketing, selling, warehousing, handling, distributing and all other commercial activities in relation to the Licensed Product in the countries of the Territory and these activities shall be determined by Eurofarma at its sole discretion and expenses, provided that Eurofarma shall use commercially reasonable efforts to commercialize the Licensed Product in the Lead Countries as a priority and in the other countries of the Territory.

12

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

The Licensee shall use best commercial efforts to make the first commercial sale of the Licensed Product in the Territory within twelve (12) months after receipt of marketing authorization in a given country of the Territory. 12. Supply NLS will supply Eurofarma with the finished Licensed Product based on its COGS. The Parties will enter in due time into a separate manufacturing and supply agreement concerning the Licensed Product, with the possibility of tech-transfer during the term of the Agreement. 13. Property rights to Intellectual Property Both Parties acknowledge that all Intellectual Property existing at the Effective Date shall be and remain the sole property of the Licensor. All right, title and interest in and to any Developed Intellectual Property shall vest in and belong to the Licensor. The Licensee shall execute and deliver all reasonably necessary signatures and/or documents and take any further steps (or have his employees, agents and officers do the same) to the extent necessary to make any Developed Intellectual Property the sole property of the Licensor. The Licensee shall have right to use the Developed Intellectual Property for exploiting its rights granted in this Agreement until its expiration or termination as set forth in Article 19 hereunder. Licensee Know-how shall belong to the Licensee. The Licensee hereby grants to the Licensor an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use of any Licensee Know-how. 14. Prosecution of Infringements of Intellectual Property 14.1. Notice Either Party shall give notice to the other Party of any actual or suspected infringement of the Intellectual Property or the Developed Intellectual Property or any unlicensed activity, misuse or unauthorized disclosure of the same by any third party in the Territory as soon as reasonably practicable following such Party becoming aware of it. 14.2. Action In the event of any actual or suspected third party infringement of the Intellectual Property or the Developed Intellectual Property in the Territory, NLS may take at its sole discretion any steps (including legal action) to prosecute the infringement. Licensee shall on request support NLS in all activities which involve the protection of the Intellectual Property and the Developed Intellectual Property and to prosecute the infringement. From the date of notice of a potential infringement, NLS shall have 5 (five) days to communicate to Eurofarma whether it will take actions against such potential infringements. If NLS resolves not to take any such action, the Licensee shall have the right, but not the obligation, to take all activities and steps to protect the Intellectual Property and the Developed Intellectual Property in the Territory, provided however, that the Licensee shall not accept pay, settle or compromise any such claim or proceedings without the prior written consent of NLS.

13

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

14.3. Information The Party in charge of the respective prosecution and legal action shall keep the other Party promptly and fully informed and documented as to the progress of any action. 15. Representations and Warranties 15.1. Licensor Representations and Warranties Licensor represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties set out below are true and accurate in all respects: a) Authority and capacity The Licensor has the right to enter into this Agreement and any agreement or document referred to herein and perform its obligations hereunder, including granting the licences under Article 2. b) Financial Situation The Licensor has not committed an act of bankruptcy, proposed a compromise or arrangement to its creditors generally, had any petition in bankruptcy filed against it, filed a petition or undertaken any action proceeding to be declared bankrupt, to liquidate its assets or to be dissolved. c) Intellectual Property To the best of Licensor's knowledge (i) Licensor has good, unrestricted and merchantable title to the Intellectual Property licensed to the Licensee hereunder; (ii) no part of the Intellectual Property licensed to the Licensee hereunder has been unlawfully copied from third party materials; (iii) the use of the Intellectual Property will not infringe any third party intellectual property rights. d) Regulatory Compliance To the best of Licensor's knowledge there is no hearing, investigation or audit of any regulatory authority alleging any regulatory potential or actual non-compliance by Licensor or the Licensed Product under any applicable law or a lack of safety at the Effective Date. 15.2. Licensee Representations and Warranties Licensee represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties set out below are true and accurate in all respects: a) Authority and Capacity The Licensee has the right to enter into this Agreement and any agreement or document referred to herein and to perform its obligations hereunder.

14

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

b) Financial Situation The Licensee is not insolvent and has not committed an act of bankruptcy, proposed a compromise or arrangement to its creditors generally, had any petition in bankruptcy filed against it, filed a petition or undertaken any action proceeding to be declared bankrupt, to liquidate its assets or to be dissolved. c) Regulatory Compliance The Licensee is able to obtain and hold a MA for the Licensed Product under the laws of each country of the Territory and has (or will own at the time of the Launch in that country) any license required under the applicable law to import, sell and market the Licensed Product in the respective country. d) Intellectual Property The Licensee has made all inspections and investigations of the Intellectual Property deemed necessary and desirable by the Licensee and it has made its own evaluation of the Intellectual Property, except any evaluation on non- infringement or validity of such rights, which is not the responsibility of Licensee. 15.3. Other Representations and Warranties Save of the representations and warranties given in Article 15.1 the Licensor makes no further representation or warranty, either express, implied or statutory, written or oral, and any claims, regardless of their legal basis and nature, are, to the fullest extent permissible by law, hereby excluded (unless such claims arise under the representations and warranties of Licensor) and the Licensee waives any such claim or right other than in respect of the Representations and Warranties of the Licensor. This exclusion or waiver applies in particular to: a) any projection, forecast, other forward-looking statement relating to the Licensed Product; a) any success, profitability, value, commercial marketability or competitiveness of any product at the market or its eligibility for reimbursement by any social security institutions, governmental bodies, statutory health insurances and the like; b) any expectation or statement made that any future application for a MA will be granted; c) the extent, duration and validity of any MA, e.g. that any MA will be granted or that a granted MA will not be varied, suspended, revoked, withdrawn or cancelled or otherwise declared invalid by any competent regulatory authority in the Territory; d) the quality, safety or efficacy of any product and other characteristics of any product; e) the presence or absence of any future deficiencies. Accordingly, save as expressly set out in this Agreement, the Licensee shall not be entitled to terminate this Agreement or exercise any right or remedy which would have a similar effect, or to claim damages from the Licensor. 16. Liability and Limitations Either Party shall only be liable for direct losses incurred by the other Party as a direct consequence of a negligent or intentional breach of this Agreement by such liable Party, and shall not be liable for any punitive or indirect damages, losses caused by business interruptions, loss of revenues, loss of profit, damages and loss of goodwill, or any reputational damages, and both Parties waive any claims to such losses.

15

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

In addition, neither Party shall be liable for any claim under this Agreement which is capable of remedy, unless and until the other Party has given such Party written notice containing full details of the breach and such Party has failed to remedy the breach within sixty (60) days of receipt of the notice. 17. Indemnities 17.1. Indemnities by the Licensor Without prejudice to any other provision of this Agreement, the Licensor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Licensee from and against all liabilities, claims, demands, obligations, fines, penalties, judgements, losses or damages whatsoever (including without limitation, court costs, amounts paid in settlement and any legal, accounting and other expert fees and expenses reasonably incurred) (collectively "Losses") suffered, incurred, sustained by or imposed on the Licensee resulting from or arising out of: a) any breach of the representations and warranties made by the Licensor; b) any non-performance or breach of any of the Licensor's obligations under this Agreement. 17.2. Indemnities by the Licensee Without prejudice to any other provision of this Agreement, Licensee shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Licensor from and against all Losses suffered, incurred, sustained by or imposed upon Licensor resulting from or arising out of: a) any breach of the representations and warranties made by the Licensee; b) any non-performance or breach of any of the Licensee's obligations under this Agreement. 17.3. Third party claims If any claim is brought against a Party entitled to the benefit of an indemnity set out in this Agreement (the "Indemnified Party") by any third party which is likely to result in a claim against the other Party who has given an indemnity under this Agreement (the "Indemnifying Party"), the Indemnified Party shall a) give notice of such third party claim to the Indemnifying Party as soon as reasonably practicable in reasonable detail, including a reasonable explanation of why the Indemnified Party assumes that it is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement; b) keep the Indemnifying Party promptly and fully informed and documented as to the progress of any such claim; c) subject to the Indemnified Party being entitled to employ its own legal advisors take all reasonable steps as to minimise or resolve such liability or dispute and, upon request by the Indemnifying Party, allow the Indemnifying Party to lead or direct the proceedings; d) cooperate with all reasonable requests of the Indemnifying Party in relation to such claim; and e) not accept, pay, settle or compromise any such claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned).

16

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

18. Confidentiality 18.1. Confidentiality Obligations a) Confidential Information shall mean any information that (i) is not publicly known (ii) has been imparted in circumstances in which the recipient ought reasonably to have known that the information had been imparted in confidence. This includes especially but not exclusively the information described in the clauses 18.1 b), c) and d). b) Each Party undertakes to maintain confidentiality as regards the execution and terms of this Agreement, and to abstain from disclosing the existence of this Agreement, its contents and all information provided to it by the other Party in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement without prior written approval of the other Party. c) The Licensee shall maintain confidentiality with regard to the Dossier and Know-how and any operations, processes, product information, product formulations, information regarding applications and submissions, know-how, designs, trade secrets, product plans, product development efforts, other commercial and product data, software, prototypes, samples and/or data sets related thereto, and any information or analysis derived from Confidential Information. For the avoidance of any doubt, the confidentiality of the Dossier and Know-how shall only apply to information that at the time of assessment is actually considered to be confidential, and not, under any circumstances, the information that lawfully is or has become available to the public. d) The Licensee shall protect any Know-how and any data as Confidential Information and shall not use the Know-how and data for any purpose except as expressly licensed hereby and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Each Party (the "Receiving Party") undertakes: (i.) to maintain as secret and confidential all Confidential Information obtained directly or indirectly from the other Party (the "Disclosing Party") in the course of this Agreement and to respect the Disclosing Party's rights therein; (ii.) to use such Confidential Information only for the purposes of this Agreement; and (iii.) to disclose such Confidential Information only to those of its employees, contractors, and sub-licensees pursuant to this Agreement (if any) to whom and to the extent that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for the purposes of this Agreement. 18.2. Exceptions to Obligations The provisions of clause 18.1 shall not apply to Confidential Information that the Receiving Party can demonstrate by reasonable, written evidence; (i.) is or has become generally available to the public other than as a direct or indirect result of a disclosure by the Receiving Party or any of its representatives; or (ii.) was, prior to its receipt by the Receiving Party from the Disclosing Party, in the possession of the Receiving Party and at its free disposal; or (iii.) is subsequently disclosed to the Receiving Party without any obligations of confidence by a Third Party who has not derived it directly or indirectly from the Disclosing Party; or (iv.) was or is developed by or on behalf of the Receiving Party independently of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information; or

17

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

(v.) the Receiving Party is required to disclose to the courts of any competent jurisdiction, or to any government regulatory agency, or financial authority, provided that the Receiving Party shall (i) inform the Disclosing Party as soon as is reasonably practicable, and (ii) at the Disclosing Party's request seek to persuade the court, agency, or authority to have the information treated in a confidential manner, where this is possible under the court, agency, or authority's procedures. 18.3. Survival of Confidentiality Obligations The confidentiality obligations provided in this Article shall survive any termination or expiry of this Agreement for period of ten (10) years. 19. Term and Termination 19.1. Term This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder. By mutual agreement of the Parties, the Initial Term may be extended by successive periods of three (3) years. If any relevant registration is not successfully reached with regards to any extension of the Agreement, the Parties shall cooperate and negotiate on arm's length basis in order to obtain a suitable solution and achieve a proper agreement that enables the Parties to fully comply with the rights, obligations and commitments herein set forth. 19.2. Termination for Change of Control In the event of a Change of Control of the Licensee, the Agreement may be terminated by Licensor with immediate effect without any compensation to Licensee or to any other parties. In the event of a Change of Control of the Licensor, the Agreement may be terminated by Licensee. In case of termination of the Agreement, NLS and Eurofarma shall immediately work on a transition out plan, with activities and timelines agreed by the Parties to ensure a proper handover of the Licensed Product so that its market position and the obligations to prescribers, patients and regulatory authorities are fulfilled in accordance with Eurofarma best practices. 19.3. Termination for Bankruptcy, Liquidation and similar proceedings This Agreement may be terminated by either Party, effective upon notice following the expiry of the cure period described hereafter, upon the filing or institution of any bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or receivership proceedings of the other Party, or upon the failure by the other Party for more than ninety (90) days to discharge or obtain the dismissal of any such actions filed against it. Such termination shall be effective upon receipt of notice from the affected Party. 19.4. Early Termination for Material Breach If either of the Parties fails to perform or violates any material term of this Agreement (the "Breaching Party"), then the other Party (the "Other Party") may give written notice of default ("Notice of Default") to the Breaching Party.

18

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

If Licensee is the Breaching Party and fails to cure the default within sixty (60) calendar days upon receipt of the Notice of Default, the Licensor has the right to terminate this Agreement with immediate effect by written notice ("Notice of Termination") to the Breaching Party. If Licensor is the Breaching Party and fails to cure the default within sixty (60) calendar days upon receipt of the Notice of Default, the Licensee has the right to terminate this Agreement with immediate effect by written notice ("Notice of Termination") to the Breaching Party and shall be paid by Licensor an indemnity corresponding to the fair market value of the expected discounted cash flows of Licensee over the remaining lifetime of this Agreement. 19.5. Early Termination by the Licensor The Agreement may be terminated by NLS according to Article 19.4 in case Eurofarma fails to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a MA and to commercialize the Licensed Product in the Lead Countries, provided that the Supplemental Data, if any, was provided to Eurofarma. If Eurofarma has not made the first commercial sale within twelve (12) months after receipt of the MA in a Lead Country of the Territory, not for reasons outside of its control, or if Eurofarma has failed to use reasonable commercial efforts to meet the annual objectives of the most updated Business Plan during the Term, which may be amended by Eurofarma from time to time and accepted by NLS, then NLS may, upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to Eurofarma (unless Eurofarma makes such first commercial sale within such sixty-day period), terminate the rights granted to Eurofarma with respect to the Licensed Product in such country. 19.6. Early Termination by the Licensee i) Eurofarma may terminate the Agreement upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to NLS in case the US Supplemental Data to support the Dossier for Brazil is not or cannot be provided by NLS within the time limit agreed by the Parties or cannot be generated as part of the Local Supplemental Data for Brazil. ii) Eurofarma may terminate the Agreement in case the activities conducted by NLS under article 5, paragraphs a), b) and c) do not allow the Licensed Product to be approved by the US FDA. iii) Eurofarma may terminate the Agreement in case the Licensed Product fails to receive a MA from the US FDA or a MA is not granted on the Licensed Product in any of the Lead Countries despite reasonable commercial efforts by Eurofarma to seek and obtain such MA. iv). Eurofarma shall have the right to terminate the Agreement in case of fundamental changes in the market, competitive and economic conditions, outside of the Parties control, at the time of the launch of the Licensed Product in the territory which would make its commercialization not economically viable and provided that the Parties after good faith efforts fail to agree on an alternative plan to address this situation within 3 months following the notification by Eurofarma to NLS of its decision to terminate the Agreement under this clause.

19

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

19.7. Consequences of Expiration or Termination The expiration or termination of the Agreement shall have the following consequences: (i) The Licensee shall cease to use the License and cease to conduct any activities that would require the License, unless explicitly stated otherwise in this Article. (ii) Licensee or Affiliates or Distributors may sell off all previously purchased Licensed Products still in their warehouses within a period of six (6) months of the effective date of such termination (the "Sell-Off Period") provided that the sale of such Licensed Products by Licensee or Affiliates or Distributors of the Licensee shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement, including but not limited to the rendering of reports and payment of royalties required under this Agreement. (iii) Promptly upon the request of Licensor, the Licensee shall, at the Licensor's sole discretion and election for each country of the Territory and each Licensed Product either withdraw or transfer all Marketing Authorizations in the Territory to the Licensor (or to a third party as the Licensor directs). Licensee shall take the required steps without any delay and the withdrawal or transfer shall be completed in maximum 90 days after the notification of the request; if the Licensor does not decide and inform within this period to whom the Marketing Authorizations and documents shall be transferred, then the Licensee shall have no obligation to keep them active. If a Marketing Authorization has been applied for, but not yet been granted in any country of the Territory, the same shall apply to the applicant status. (iv) The Licensee shall hand over to the Licensor any and all documents related to the regulatory status or containing Intellectual Property or Confidential Information of Licensor. (v) Termination shall not relieve either Party of its accrued obligations under this Agreement. (vi) With the exception of termination in case of material breach of its obligations by Licensor according to Article 19.4, upon termination, or early termination by the Licensee according to Article 19.6, Licensee shall pay Licensor any unpaid sums (fees, milestone payments, royalties, etc.) related to the Agreement. 20. General Provisions 20.1. Amendments This Agreement may only be modified or amended by a document duly signed by all Parties. Any provision contained in this Agreement may only be waived by a document duly signed by the Party waiving such provision. 20.2. Notices All notices or other communications to be given under or in connection with this Agreement shall be made in writing and shall be delivered by registered mail or overnight courier service to the address that is mentioned on the cover page of this Agreement or subsequently communicated in writing. All notices shall become effective on the day of their reception by the receiving Party, or if the receiving Party refuses its acceptance or does not collect it from the competent post office or mail service, on the date of the refusal. 20.3. Severability / Good Faith Should any part or provision of this Agreement be held to be invalid by any competent court, governmental or administrative authority having jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Agreement shall nonetheless remain valid. In this case, the Parties shall endeavour to negotiate a substitute provision that best reflects the economic intentions of the Parties without being unenforceable, and shall execute all agreements and documents required in this connection. The same shall apply if and to the extent that this Agreement is found to contain any gaps or omissions.

20

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

20.4. No Waiver The failure of any of the Parties to enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement or any rights with respect thereto shall in no way be considered as a waiver of such provisions or rights or in any way affect the validity of this Agreement. 20.5. No Assignment This Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred, nor may any right or obligations hereunder be assigned or transferred, by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, that Licensor may, without such consent, assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, to an Affiliate or in connection with the transfer or sale of all or substantially all of its assets related to the Licensed Product or the business relating thereto, or in the event of its merger or consolidation or change in control or similar transaction. Licensor shall however refrain from any such permitted assignment if such permitted assignment is reasonably able to jeopardize Licensee's business of Licensed Product in the Territory. 20.6. Appendices All Appendices form an integral part of this Agreement. 20.7. Public Announcements No press releases or other public announcement concerning this Agreement shall be made by either Party unless the form and text of such announcement shall first have been approved by the other Party, except for any announcements based on reporting duties under applicable laws and regulations or stock exchange regulations. 21. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the Netherlands, excluding its rules of conflicts of law and the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods dated 11 April 1980 (CISG), as amended from time to time. All disputes arising out of or in connection with the present Agreement, including disputes on its conclusion, binding effect, amendment and termination, shall be finally resolved by binding arbitration in accordance with the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce ("ICC") by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the said rules and experienced in the pharmaceutical business. The place of Arbitration shall be in The Hague, Netherlands, or in a place otherwise mutually agreeable. The arbitration shall be conducted in English.

21

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed in two counterparts on the date first written above, whereby each Party shall execute and initialize one counterpart, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original but shall not be effective until each Party has executed at least one counterpart, but all counterparts shall together constitute one and the same agreement. NLS-1 Pharma AG /s/ Ronald Hafner /s/ Alex Zwyer Ronald Hafner Alex Zwyer Chairman of the Board CEO & Member of the Board of Directors Date: Eurofarma Laboratórios S.A. /s/ Julíana Mazza Reîs /s/ Martha Penna Name: Julíana Mazza Reîs Name: Martha Penna title: Eurofarma Laboratórios S.A. title: Vice Presîdente Inovaçäo Díretora de Gestào de PortfólÎo e LÎcenças Date: Witnesses: /s/ Bruno C.Z. Baptista /s/ Walker Lahmann Name: Bruno Castagnoli Zilli Baptista Name: Walker Lahmann Id.: Portfolio Management & Licensing Coordinator Id: Executive Director

22

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

Table of Appendices Number Name Appendix A [Template for Licensee Reports] Appendix B Preliminary Business Plan

23

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

Appendix A - [Template for Licensee Reports] - to be provided by NLS to Eurofarma within 60 days following the effective date of signature of the Agreement

24

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020





License and Development Agreement

Appendix B - Preliminary Business Plan Sales Forecast Latin America - in units (monthly treatments, considering both adult and pediatric indications) Forecast in Units YEAR 1 YEAR 2 YEAR 3 YEAR 4 YEAR 5 YEAR 6 YEAR 7 YEAR 8 YEAR 9 YEAR 10 TOTAL

BRAZIL 67.435 154.809 232.214 348.321 435.401 522.481 548.605 576.035 587.556 599.307 4.072.162 REST OF LATAM 21.931 71.105 135.482 206.698 259.783 299.791 343.867 327.768 287.040 276.346 2.229.813 TOTA LATAM 89.366 225.914 367.696 555.019 695.184 822.272 892.472 903.803 874.596 875.653 6.301.974

25

Source: NLS PHARMACEUTICS LTD., F-1, 2/28/2020
Exhibit 10.8

eGAIN COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION

HOSTING AGREEMENT

1. Hosting Agreement. This Agreement (including its Exhibit A and all other documents referenced herein) is entered into by eGain Communications Corporation ("eGain") and Eliance Corporation ("Customer") for the purpose of providing Customer with Web-based access to eGain's software specified in Exhibit A, including any updates, upgrades or revisions provided under this Agreement ("Software"), and certain other services relating to the processing of and response to online inquiries and messages ("Online Messages") received by Customer from its customers and other users of Customer's Web site ("Users").

2. Provision of Services. eGain will provide Customer with access, maintenance and related hosting services ("Hosting Services") to the Software installed on eGain's servers and other equipment (the "eGain System"). Customer agrees, as reasonably requested by eGain, to provide eGain with access to Customer's premises and equipment and to otherwise cooperate with eGain in performing the services. During the term of this Agreement, Customer may obtain information ("Reports") regarding Customer's use of the Software and the quantity and handling of Online Messages routed to the eGain System by accessing the eGain System through a password-protected Web site made available by eGain. Customer shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of such passwords and shall permit only authorized employees of Customer to access the eGain System. The Hosting Services, and the hosting fees specified in Exhibit A, do not include any deployment, training or other consulting or professional services which, if applicable, will be specified in a Statement of Work, signed by both parties, and incorporated herein by this reference.

2.1 Customer Support. eGain will provide live telephone support to Customer 24-hours-a-day, seven-days-a-week by a trained eGain customer support representative.

3. Customer's Responsibilities. Customer agrees that it shall be responsible for providing and maintaining its own Internet access and all necessary telecommunications equipment, software and other materials ("Customer Equipment") at Customer's location necessary for accessing the Software and the eGain System through the Internet. Customer agrees to notify eGain of any changes in the Customer Equipment, including any system configuration changes or any hardware or software upgrades, which may affect the Hosting Services provided hereunder. The eGain System is only to be used for lawful purposes. Customer agrees not to transmit, re-transmit or store materials on or through the eGain System or the Software that are harmful to the eGain System or Software, or in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation laws relating to infringement of intellectual property and proprietary rights of others. To the extent that certain components of the Software may be downloaded to Customer's or User's computer as a result of accessing the Software as part of the Hosting Services, eGain grants Customers a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license, with right to sublicense solely to Users, to use such Software only in connection with the Hosting Services. Neither Customer nor Users are otherwise permitted to use the Software, nor will Customer or Users disassemble, decompile or otherwise attempt to discern the source code of such Software. Customer agrees that, except as expressly set forth in this Section and in Section 11, it will not rent, lease, sublicense, re-sell, time-share or otherwise assign to any third party this Agreement or any of Customer's rights or licenses to access the Software or the eGain System, nor shall Customer use, or authorize others to use, the Software, Hosting Services or the eGain System to operate a service bureau. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, Customer shall be permitted to provide access to the eGain System to its employees and agents located worldwide.

4. Proprietary Rights. Except for the limited access right granted to Customer in this Agreement, all right, title and interest in and to the Software (including any and all modifications as a result of any implementation services rendered) and the eGain System are and shall remain the exclusive property of eGain and its licensors. eGain acknowledges and agrees that the Online Messages are the property of Customer and that eGain has only a limited right to use the Online Messages as set forth in the following sentence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, eGain may access and disclose the Online Messages solely as necessary to provide the Hosting Services, to operate and maintain its systems, to comply with applicable laws and government orders and requests, and to protect itself and its customers.

5. Pricing and Payment. Customer agrees to pay the fees and other charges for the Hosting Services and other services provided under this Agreement as specified in Exhibit A of this Agreement. CUSTOMER AGREES TO PAY FOR HOSTING SERVICES ON OR BEFORE THE FIRST DAY OF THE MONTH IN WHICH THE HOSTING SERVICES ARE PROVIDED, except that, with respect to Additional Fees (as defined in Exhibit A), eGain will invoice Customer for such Fees in the month after the month in which such fees accrue as provided in Exhibit A. All amounts payable hereunder are exclusive of any and all taxes, and Customer is responsible for payment of such taxes (excluding taxes based on eGain's net income). All prices are stated, and Customer shall pay, in United States dollars. Payment received by eGain after the due date shall be subject to a late fee equal to one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month, or, if less, the maximum amount allowed by applicable law. At the end of the initial one-year term of this Agreement and any subsequent one-year terms, eGain may adjust the monthly fee payable under this Agreement by providing Customer written notice of such adjustment at least sixty (60) days prior to the beginning of the new term.

6. Limited Warranties; Disclaimer of Warranties.





6.1 eGain warrants and represents to Customer that (i) the Software will perform substantially in accordance with the documentation, if any, provided by eGain to Customer, and (ii) the Hosting Services will be performed in a professional and workmanlike manner and in accordance with Section 2. In the event of Downtime (as defined in this Section 6.1 below), as Customer's sole and exclusive remedy and eGain's sole and exclusive liability, the monthly fee payable for the Hosting Services shall be reduced as follows:

a) For the first sixty (60) minutes of Downtime during Normal Business       Hours or the first four (4) hours of Downtime outside of Normal Business       Hours ("Initial Downtime"), eGain will credit Customer's account for one       (1) day of service.

b) For each eight (8) hour period of Downtime per day in addition to the       Initial Downtime, eGain will credit Customer's account for one (1)       additional day of service.

For the purposes of this Agreement, "Downtime" shall mean any interruption in the availability of Hosting Services to Customer (excluding scheduled interruptions of which Customer is notified 48 hours in advanced), only if such interruption is due either to: 1) an error in the Software, or 2) failure of the eGain System (but not including problems associated with Internet connectivity). Downtime begins upon Customer notification to eGain of the interruption, either

eGAIN COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION

HOSTING AGREEMENT

by speaking directly with an eGain customer service representative or recording a voice mail message in the eGain customer service voice mail box, and continues until the availability of the Hosting Services is restored to the Customer. For purposes of this Agreement, "Normal Business Hours" shall mean between the hours of 6:00 a.m to 6:00 p.m. Pacific time, Monday through Friday excluding national holidays.

In the event of a breach (other than Downtime) of the warranty set forth in Section 6.1(i) above, Customer's sole and exclusive remedy, and eGain's sole and exclusive liability shall be, at eGain's option, repair or replacement of the Software.

THE FOREGOING CONSTITUTES CUSTOMER'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AND eGAIN'S ENTIRE LIABILITY, FOR DOWNTIME AND FOR BREACH OF THE HOSTING SERVICES WARRANTY PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION 6.1.

6.2 eGain represents and warrants that, prior to, during and after the calendar year 2000 A.D., the Software and the eGain System will process, calculate, manipulate, sort, store and transfer date data without material error or material performance degradation, including without limitation date data which represents or references different centuries or more than one century (such representation and warranty being referred to as "Year 2000 Compliant"). In the event that the Software or eGain System is not Year 2000 Compliant, Customer's sole and exclusive remedy and eGain's sole and exclusive liability shall be for eGain, at no additional cost to Customer, to promptly modify the Software or the eGain System so that the Software or eGain System is Year 2000 Compliant. The foregoing warranty is conditioned upon the Customer using the Software and/or the eGain System in accordance with its applicable Documentation, and on other software, hardware, network and systems (other than the Software and the eGain System) with which the Software and/or the eGain System interface or interoperate also being Year 2000 Compliant.

6.3 EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 6.1-6.2, (A) THE HOSTING SERVICES ARE PROVIDED, AND THE SOFTWARE AND THE eGAIN SYSTEM ARE MADE AVAILABLE, BY eGAIN TO CUSTOMER "AS IS," AND (B) eGAIN AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE HOSTING SERVICES, THE SOFTWARE OR THE eGAIN SYSTEM, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT POSSIBLE BY LAW.

6.4 Without limiting the express warranties set forth in this Agreement, eGain does not warrant that the Software, the eGain System or the Hosting Services will meet Customer's requirements (except as provided in Section 6.1) or that Customer's access to and use of the Software, the eGain System or the Hosting Services will be uninterrupted or free of errors or omissions. eGain cannot and does not guarantee the privacy, security, authenticity and non-corruption of any information transmitted through, or stored in any system connected to, the Internet. eGain will use commercially reasonable efforts to adequately maintain, and upgrade as necessary, the eGain System to provide the Hosting Services to its customers. However, except as expressly set forth herein, eGain shall not be responsible for any delays, errors, failures to perform, or disruptions in the Hosting Services caused by or resulting from any act, omission or condition beyond eGain's reasonable control.

7. Limitation of liability. EXCLUDING LIABILITY FOR INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS AS DISCUSSED IN SECTION 9 OF THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL eGAIN BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS), OR BE LIABLE TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, EVEN IF eGAIN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. eGain's entire liability under this Agreement for any damages from any cause whatsoever, regardless of form or action, whether in contract, negligence or otherwise, shall in no event exceed an amount equal to the price paid for the Services out of which the claim arose.





8. Confidential Information. Each party agrees to keep confidential and to use only for purposes of performing (or as otherwise permitted under) this Agreement, any proprietary or confidential information of the other party disclosed pursuant to this Agreement which is marked as confidential or which would reasonably be considered of a confidential nature. The obligation of confidentiality shall not apply to information which is publicly available through authorized disclosure, is known by the receiving party at the time of disclosure as evidenced in writing, is rightfully obtained from a third party who has the right to disclose it, or which is required by law, government order or request to be disclosed. Upon any termination of this Agreement, each party shall return to the other party all confidential information of the other party, and all copies thereof, in the possession, custody or control of the party unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement.

9. Indemnification. Subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 9, eGain will defend any third-party suit or action against Customer to the extent such suit or action is based on a claim that the Software or the eGain System infringes any valid United States patent, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary right, and eGain will pay those damages and costs finally awarded against Customer in any monetary settlement of such suit or action which are specifically attributable to such claim. These obligations do not include any claims to the extent they are based on use of the Software or eGain System in violation of this Agreement or in combination with any other software or hardware, or any modification to the Software or eGain System pursuant to Customer's specifications. If any portion of the Software or eGain System becomes, or in eGain's opinion is likely to become, the subject of a claim of infringement, then eGain may, at its option and expense, (a) procure for Customer the right to continue using such Software or the eGain System, or (b) replace or modify the Software or the eGain System so that it becomes non-infringing. The indemnity obligations set forth in this Section 9 are contingent upon: (i) Customer giving prompt written notice to the eGain of any such claim(s); (ii) eGain having sole control of the defense or settlement of the claim; and (iii) at eGain's request and expense, Customer cooperating in the investigation and defense of such claim(s). THE FOREGOING STATES eGAIN'S ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS.

10. Term and Termination.

10.1 Term and Termination. This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement. In addition, either party may terminate this Agreement by giving to the other party written notice

eGAIN COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION

HOSTING AGREEMENT

of such termination upon the other party's material breach of any material term (subject to the other party's right to cure within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice), the other party's insolvency, or the institution of any bankruptcy or similar proceedings by or against the other party.

10.2 Effect of Termination. Upon any termination of this Agreement, eGain shall immediately cease providing all Hosting Services, and Customer shall no longer have access to the Software or the eGain System. Except in the event of termination for Customer's breach, eGain shall provide Customer with an electronic copy of the final Reports (covering the month just prior to termination of this Agreement). eGain shall be entitled to retain a copy (whether electronic or otherwise) of the Online Messages and the Reports for its records and internal purposes and shall not disclose such Online Messages or Reports to any third party except as permitted under Section 4. Within fifteen (15) days of any termination of this Agreement, Customer shall pay to eGain all unpaid fees accrued prior to termination. Sections 4, 5 (as to amounts accrued but unpaid), 7, 8, 10.2 and 12 and Exhibit A (as to amounts accrued but unpaid) shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

11. Customer References. Customer agrees that, during the term of this Agreement, eGain may reference Customer in eGain's customer listings and may place Customer's name and logo on eGain's Web site and in collateral marketing materials relating to eGain's products and services. Customer hereby grants eGain a right to use Customer's trademarks (name and logo only) designated by Customer for such limited uses, subject to Customer's trademark/logo usage guidelines, if any, provided by Customer to eGain. With these limited exceptions, eGain agrees that it may not use Customer's name, logo or any other trademarks (including in any press releases, customer "case studies," and the like) without Customer's prior consent.

12. Miscellaneous. This Agreement, including Exhibit A and any other exhibits hereto, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties, and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreements between the parties, with respect to the subject of this Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this Agreement may be modified only by a writing signed by an authorized representative of each party. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California exclusive of its conflict of laws principles. Notices under this Agreement shall be in writing, addressed to the party at its last-provided address, and shall be deemed given when delivered personally, or by e-mail (with confirmation of receipt) or conventional mail (registered or certified, postage prepaid with return receipt requested). Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended or is to be construed to constitute eGain and Customer as partners or joint venturers or





either party as an agent of the other. If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared invalid, illegal or unenforceable, all remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect. All waivers of any rights or breach hereunder must be in writing to be effective, and no failure to enforce any right or provision shall be deemed to be a waiver of the same or other right or provision on that or any other occasion. Neither party may assign or otherwise transfer its rights and/or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent shall be required for an assignment of this Agreement made pursuant to a merger, consolidation, or the acquisition of all or substantially all of the business and assets of a party. This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.

Each party agrees to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement.

Customer: Eliance Corporation

Name:/s/                                 Title:                              ___________________________               _________

Signature:______________________         Date:__________

eGain Communications Corporation:

Name:/s/                                 Title:                              ___________________________               _________

Signature:______________________         Date:__________
1                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.17

               PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AND CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT

                         "SONGS 4 WORSHIP SERIES"

                      EXCLUDING CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS

/1/ Indicates information which has been redacted pursuant to a request for     confidential treatment.

2

                    INDEX TO THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS

      PAGE                      SECTION                     LINE(S)          ----                      -------                     -------                                                             1                          1(c)                    3, 4, and 5           3                          3(a)              4, 5, 10, 11, 12 and 13           4                          4(c)                     2, 4 and 5           4                          4(d)                   2, 3, 4 and 5           5                           5                           2

3

               PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AND CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT                             "SONGS 4 WORSHIP SERIES"

      This Agreement, entered into this the 10th day of January 2000, by and between INTEGRITY INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation with principal offices at 1000 Cody Road, Mobile, Alabama ("Integrity") and TIME LIFE, INC., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Time Life Music, with principal offices located at 2000 Duke Street, Alexandria, Virginia 22314 ("TL"). The parties wish to produce a series of recorded compilations and companion song books featuring praise and worship repertoires, which will be co-branded and co-marketed throughout the world. Now, therefore, the parties agree as follows:

1.       Product Concept and Creation.

      a.       Product description. The product to be created under the                   series trade name "Songs 4 Worship" will be a praise and                   worship continuity series, with each volume in the series                   containing approximately 22 songs. Each volume will be                   manufactured in Double CD, Double Cassette, and song book                   formats, with standard double jewel boxes, inlays, booklets                   and j-cards (the "Product"). TL and Integrity will jointly                   develop the repertoire, and all repertoire selections are                   subject to master, mechanical and print rights clearance in                   accordance with the financial terms established below. The                   exact songbook format, song selection and number of songbook                   volumes has not yet been determined, and TL has no obligation                   to sell any songbooks produced pursuant to this Agreement.

      b.       Branding. The Product will prominently display the "Songs 4                   Worship" logo and trademark (or other logo as mutually                   approved) and will also bear the labels of "Time Life Music"                   and "Integrity Music" in equal proportion on the exterior of                   Product packaging. The "Integrity Music" and "Time Life Music"                   logos will be used on advertising whenever possible, and it is                   understood that neither logo will be used without the other                   with reference to the Product.

      c.       Integrity's responsibilities. Integrity will obtain master                   lease and print agreements with all third party owners of                   masters embodied in the Product at its own expense. Mechanical                   rates will not exceed [**]/1/ percent ([**]/1/%) of the                   then-current statutory rate, and Print licenses will not                   exceed a prorated portion of [**]/1/ percent ([**]/1/%) of the                   retail selling price, Integrity will also manufacture the                   Product and sell to TL its requirements for resale.

--------------- /1/ Indicates information which has been redacted pursuant to a request for     confidential treatment.

4

Source: INTEGRITY MEDIA INC, 10-K405, 3/29/2001





      d.       TL's responsibilities. At its sole expense, TL will create all                   artwork for Product covers and packaging, and furnish                   Integrity with the same for manufacturing of the Products. All                   such artwork will be subject to Integrity's reasonable                   approval. (Integrity agrees to respond to any request for                   approval within five (5) business days after Integrity's                   receipt of request and samples.) In addition, TL will pay all                   mastering expense required in preparation for manufacturing.

      e.       Shared expenses. The parties agree to share equally in costs                   of additional products created (excluding the Product, and                   song books, which such song books shall be created at                   Integrity's sole discretion and expense), by mutual agreement                   under the "Songs 4 Worship" branding.

2.       Marketing and Distribution.

      a.       Time Life Distribution. TL will hold exclusive worldwide                   rights to promote and sell the product through the following                   distribution channels: Outgoing telemarketing, General Market                   retail, and General Market catalogs, and exclusive rights                   within the United States for Television Direct response. TL                   will have Internet and e-commerce rights with respect to its                   own web site and other General Market e-commerce. In addition,                   TL may cross-sell the products to its internal list by inserts                   placed in mailings for other TL products and services (but                   excluding direct mail campaigns for the Product.) TL may                   obtain television and/or direct response rights in certain                   international territories upon Integrity's agreement.

      b.       Integrity Distribution. Integrity will hold exclusive                   worldwide rights to promote and sell the product to/through                   the following distribution channels: Christian retail (CBA or                   Christian Booksellers Association markets), direct mail                   (including continuity sales, church sales, digital and                   e-commerce sales.) Integrity will have Internet and e-commerce                   rights with respect to its own web site and other Christian                   e-commerce. Integrity shall have the right to license                   distribution of the Product through all channels of                   distribution throughout the remainder of the world.

      c.       Selling Price. The parties agree that the initial suggested                   retail selling price for the products will be $19.95 for CD's,                   $17.95 for Cassettes, and $19.95 for song books. Any change in                   the suggested retail selling price will be mutually agreed by                   the parties. The parties acknowledge that they cannot control                   the prices set by independent retailers and resellers, but                   agree that sales by the parties hereto via e-commerce will be                   the same, and such will be mutually agreed.

                                    2

5

      d.       Mailing Lists. The parties hereby agree that they will                   mutually share mailing list data of purchasers of the products                   created hereunder in exchange for names of equal value, (i.e.,                   an expired name for an expired name, active buyer for active                   buyer.) TL specifically agrees to supply Integrity with data                   on former subscribers to its "Songs 4 Life" series, who have                   subsequently canceled for the express purpose of soliciting                   Product continuity subscriptions.

      e.       Retail release. The, parties will mutually agree upon the date                   the products shall be released to retail (General Market and                   CBA); and it is hereby agreed that such release shall be                   simultaneous (i.e., television and direct response will have a                   period of exclusivity before the products are available at                   retail).

3.       Product sales to TL.

      a.       Integrity will, upon receipt of approved purchase orders from                   TL, sell to TL in non-returnable box lot quantities, TL's                   requirements products rates calculated on the following basis                   (plus freight). The copyright royalty on recorded products is                   based on [**]/1/% of the then current statutory mechanical                   rate, and on song books, [**]/1/ percent ([**]/1/%) of the                   retail selling price (prorated to each copyright holder).                   Integrity may adjust the prices charged to TL on each volume                   to accurately reflect the then-current royalty obligation to                   all parties, including Integrity.

                                                                            CD           Cassette        Song book

Source: INTEGRITY MEDIA INC, 10-K405, 3/29/2001





                                                                         ---------       --------        ---------                                                                                                                      Manufacturing                                              $ [**]/1/       $ [**]/1/       $ [**]/1/                  (May be adjusted if actual costs exceed above amounts)

              Master Lease royalty                                         [**]/1/         [**]/1/         -None-

              Copyright royalty                                            [**]/1/         [**]/1/         [**]/1/                  (Based on 75% of $.075 statutory rate X 22)                -----           -----           -----

                                   Approximate Total                     $ [**]/1/       $ [**]/1/       $ [**]/1/

      b.       In consideration of the above pricing, TL guarantees to                   purchase from Integrity a minimum of ten thousand (10,000)                   units of each recorded Product during the first thirty-two                   (32) months of release. TL's initial order for each recorded                   Product shall be a minimum of five thousand (5,000) units.

--------------- /1/ Indicates information which has been redacted pursuant to a request for     confidential treatment.

                                    3

6

      c.       TL may purchase from Integrity limited quantities of the                   Product for its promotional use, at the Manufacturing cost set                   forth in paragraph 3(a) above, provided the quantity of such                   purchases does not exceed seven percent (7%) of the total                   royalty bearing units of such Product title purchased by TL,                   TL warrants that any units so purchased, whether or not                   labeled "promotional only" or cut-out, will be given away for                   purposes of promotion of the Products, and will not be sold.                   If for any reason, Integrity and TL are subject to lower "free                   goods" limits by any third party license, the foregoing shall                   be adjusted to comply with any such license(s).

4.       Royalties payable by Integrity.

      a.       Integrity will pay and be responsible for all royalties due to                   owners of the recorded masters, which such royalties will be                   inclusive of all performer, artist, producer and other fees.

      b.       Integrity will pay and be responsible for all royalties to the                   copyright owners of the compositions embodied in the recorded                   masters (or song books), such royalties commonly known as                   mechanical royalties or print royalties.

      c.       On sales of recorded products pursuant to this Agreement (less                   any returns) Integrity will pay to TL royalties in the amount                   of [**]/1/ ($[**]/1/) for each and every unit of the product                   sold by Integrity in the United States pursuant to this                   Agreement, and [**]/1/ the foregoing rate or [**]/1/ percent                   ([**]/1/%) of Integrity's net receipts, whichever is less, on                   subject products outside the United States. For purposes of                   this Agreement, "net receipts" shall be the amount received by                   a party in the United States, after deduction of any exchange                   fees, commissions, or expenses to collect.

      d.       On sales of printed products (song books) pursuant to this                   Agreement (less any returns) Integrity will pay to TL                   royalties in the amount of [**]/1/ ($[**]/1/) for each and                   every unit of the product sold by Integrity in the United                   States pursuant to this Agreement, and [**]/1/ the foregoing                   rate or [**]/1/ percent ([**]/1/%) of Integrity's net                   receipts, whichever is less, on subject products outside the                   United States. No royalties will be paid to TL on printed                   products, until Integrity shall have recouped its                   out-of-pocket production costs from such royalties payable to                   TL pursuant to this subparagraph.

--------------- /1/ Indicates information which has been redacted pursuant to a request for     confidential treatment.

                                    4

7

5.       Royalties payable by TL. On sales of products pursuant to this          Agreement (less any returns) TL will pay to Integrity royalties in the          amount of [**]/1/ ($[**]/1/) for each and every unit of the product          sold by it pursuant to this Agreement.

Source: INTEGRITY MEDIA INC, 10-K405, 3/29/2001





6.       Accountings. Accounting statements and, if applicable, royalty payments          for products sold will be rendered by each party quarterly within sixty          (60) days after the expiration of each calendar quarter. Only products          which have been paid or credited to the account of the seller shall be          deemed sold. No royalties will be payable on the sales of any products          by any third-party distributors or licensees until such time as          accountings and payment or final credit therefor has been received by          the paying party. Either party, at its sole expense, upon at least          thirty (30) days written notice (and not more than once in respect of          any accounting period) will have the right to inspect the other party's          books regarding the obligations hereunder for a period of two (2) years          from the date on which any statement is rendered. Such auditing party          must make specific written objection within such two (2) year period.          Thereafter, it will be deemed to have consented to any such statements          or accountings which will then be considered an account stated as          between the parties, not subject to any objection for any reason          whatsoever. Provided the objecting party has made timely written          objection, as aforesaid, such party may file an action regarding same          within two (2) years and six (6) months after the applicable statement          is rendered, after which time any such action will be deemed barred.

7.       Sound Recording Copyright and Trademark License.

      a.       Integrity Trademarks. Integrity hereby grants to TL the right                   to use its "Integrity Music" name and logo ("the Integrity                   Trademarks') in connection with the products produced during                   the Term of this Agreement for as long as the parties continue                   to sell and distribute such products at no additional cost to                   TL, and in accordance with the terms and conditions contained                   herein. TL will honor the notice requirement relating to the                   Integrity Trademarks and will place such trademarks on all                   products and advertising produced hereunder in accordance with                   the applicable regulations and Integrity guidelines. Integrity                   warrants that it has all rights to grant TL the right to use                   the Integrity Trademarks and will indemnify and hold TL                   harmless with respect thereto. TL recognizes Integrity's title                   to the Integrity Trademarks and will not at any time do or                   suffer to be done any act or thing which will in any way                   impair Integrity's rights in and to the Integrity Trademarks.                   It is understood that TL will not acquire and will not claim                   any title to the Integrity Trademarks adverse to Integrity by                   virtue of this license, or through TL's use of the Integrity                   Trademarks.

--------------- /1/  Indicates information which has been redacted pursuant to a request for      confidential treatment.

                                    5

8

      b.       TL Trademarks. TL hereby grants to Integrity the right to use                   its "TL Music" name and logo ("the TL Trademarks") in                   connection with the products produced during the Term of this                   Agreement for as long as the parties continue to sell and                   distribute such products at no additional cost to Integrity,                   and in accordance with the terms and conditions contained                   herein. Integrity will honor the notice requirement relating                   to the Integrity Trademarks and will place such trademarks on                   all products and advertising produced hereunder in accordance                   with the applicable regulations and TL guidelines. TL warrants                   that it has all rights to grant Integrity the right to use the                   TL Trademarks and will indemnify and hold Integrity harmless                   with respect thereto. Integrity recognizes TL's title to the                   TL Trademarks and will not at any time do or suffer to be done                   any act or thing which will in any way impair TL's rights in                   and to the TL Trademarks. It is understood that Integrity will                   not acquire and will not claim any title to the TL Trademarks                   adverse to TL by virtue of this license, or through                   Integrity's use of the TL Trademarks.

      c.       Sound Recording Copyright. The parties hereby agree that the                   copyright in the Product sound recording compilation will be                   jointly registered by Integrity in the names of Integrity                   and TL.

      d.       Series Trademark. TL will trademark the series name in joint                   names of TL and Integrity.

8.       Term. This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and          shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term"). Thereafter, the          parties must mutually agree in writing to extend the term for          additional periods of time.

Source: INTEGRITY MEDIA INC, 10-K405, 3/29/2001





9.       Warranties; Suspension, Termination

      a.       Each party hereto warrants, represents, covenants and agrees                   that it has the right and power to enter into this Agreement,                   to grant the rights herein granted by it, and to perform the                   services agreed to be performed by it hereunder, and that no                   materials, ideas or other properties furnished or designated                   by it is subject to any restriction whatsoever, or is                   violative of the rights of any person, firm or corporation,                   including, without limitation, contract rights, copyrights and                   rights of privacy.

      b.       If, because of an act of God, inevitable accident, fire,                   lockout, strike or other labor dispute, riot or civil                   commotion, act of public enemy, enactment, rule, order or act                   of any government or governmental instrumentality (whether                   federal, state, local or foreign), failure of technical                   facilities, failure or delay of transportation facilities,                   illness or incapacity of any performer or producer, or other                   cause of a similar or

                                    6

9

               different nature not reasonably within either party's control,                   such party is materially hampered in the recording,                   manufacture, distribution or sale of phonograph records, or                   its normal business operations become commercially                   impractical, then without limiting its rights, it will have                   the option upon notice to suspend the Term of this Agreement                   for the duration of any such contingency. In the event of a                   suspension owing to a "force majeure," which suspension                   exceeds six (6) consecutive months, the non-suspending party                   may terminate this Agreement upon ten (10) days written notice                   to other, but only if such "force majeure" does not affect a                   substantial portion of the United States recording industry or                   the suspension is not lifted by the suspending party within                   ten (10) days of the receipt of the written notice from the                   other party.

10.      Indemnification. Each party hereto agrees to indemnify the other party          and save and hold the other harmless from any and all claims, causes of          action, damages, liabilities, costs, losses, and expenses (including          legal costs and attorneys' fees) arising out of or connected with any          claim, demand or action which is inconsistent with any of the          warranties, representations, covenants or agreements which the          indemnifying party has made in this Agreement. Pending the          determination and settlement of any such claim, demand or action, the          non-indemnifying party will have the right, at its election, to          withhold payment to you of any monies otherwise payable hereunder, in          an amount reasonably related to that claim, demand or action, and its          estimated costs and expenses (including legal costs and attorneys'          fees) in connection therewith.

11.      Notices. The respective addresses for each party for all purposes          hereunder are set forth on page 1 hereof, unless and until notice of a          different address is received by the party being notified of a change          of address. All notices will be in writing and will either be served by          personal delivery (to an officer of each company), by mail or by          telegraph, in each case with all charges prepaid. Notices will be          deemed effective when personally delivered, mailed certified mail or          similar delivery requiring a signature upon delivery, all charges          prepaid, except for notice of change of address, which will be          effective only when received by the party notified. A copy of each          notice to Integrity will be simultaneously sent to Business & Legal          Affairs, Integrity Incorporated, 1000 Cody Road, Mobile, AL 36695, and          a copy of each notice to TL will be simultaneously sent to Law and          Business Affairs, Time Life Music, 2000 Duke Street, Alexandria, VA          22314. The failure to send courtesy copies of notices will not be          deemed a breach of this Agreement nor will it diminish the          effectiveness of such notice.

12.      Assignment. Either party may, at its election, assign this Agreement or          any of its rights or delegate any of its obligations hereunder, in          whole or in part, to any person, firm or corporation owning or          acquiring all or a substantial portion of its assets, to any person,          firm or corporation that is related to it as an affiliate,

                                    7

10

      subsidiary or otherwise, or to any person, firm or corporation into          which or with it might merge or consolidate. In the event of such an

Source: INTEGRITY MEDIA INC, 10-K405, 3/29/2001





      assignment by either party of its rights to an unrelated third party,          the other party shall be given written notice, then in such event the          other party may upon six-months (6-months) written notice terminate          this Agreement.

13.      Miscellaneous

      a.       This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the                   parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and                   cannot be changed or terminated except by an instrument signed                   by the party to be bound. A waiver by either party of any term                   or condition of this Agreement in any instance will not be                   deemed or construed as a waiver of such term or condition for                   the future, or of any subsequent breach thereof. All remedies,                   rights, undertakings, obligations, and agreements contained in                   this Agreement will be cumulative and none of them will be in                   limitation of any other remedy, right, undertaking, obligation                   or agreement of either party. The headings of the paragraphs                   hereof are for convenience only and will not be deemed to                   limit or in any way affect the scope, meaning or intent of                   this Agreement or any portion thereof.

      b.       This Agreement has been entered into in the State of                   Tennessee, and the validity, interpretation and legal effect                   of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of                   Tennessee applicable to contracts entered into and performed                   entirely within the State of Tennessee. The venue for any                   controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this                   Agreement or breach thereof, shall be the appropriate state                   and federal courts located in Nashville, Tennessee.                   Accordingly, each party hereto consents and submits to the                   jurisdiction of such courts. The prevailing party in any such                   dispute arising hereunder will be entitled to recover from the                   other party its reasonable attorneys' fees in connection                   therewith in addition to the costs thereof.

      c.       If any part of this Agreement will be determined to be invalid                   or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction or by                   any other legally constituted body having jurisdiction to make                   such determination, the remainder of this Agreement will                   remain in full force and effect.

      d.       EACH PARTY HAS BEEN REPRESENTED BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL                   OR HAS HAD THE UNRESTRICTED OPPORTUNITY TO BE REPRESENTED BY                   INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL OF ITS CHOICE FOR PURPOSES OF                   ADVISING IT IN CONNECTION WITH THE NEGOTIATION AND EXECUTION                   OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF EITHER PARTY HAS NOT BEEN

                                    8

11

               REPRESENTED BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL OF ITS CHOICE IN                   CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, SUCH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND                   AGREES THAT ITS FAILURE TO BE REPRESENTED BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL                   COUNSEL IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT WAS DETERMINED                   SOLELY BY IT.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have signed below.

INTEGRITY INCORPORATED                      TIME LIFE, INC. Tax ID#63-0952549                           Tax ID#                                                    -----------------------------

By: /s/ Jerry W. Weimer                     By: /s/ Mark Stevens     -----------------------------------         --------------------------------     Jerry W. Weimer, Ex. Vice President         Mark Stevens, President     Chief Operating Officer

By: /s/ Don Mayes     -----------------------------------     Don Mayes, Director     Business and Legal Affairs

                                   9

Source: INTEGRITY MEDIA INC, 10-K405, 3/29/2001
Exhibit 10.38

IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITEM 601(b) OF REGULATION S-K, CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION (THE "CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION") HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. THE CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION IS DENOTED HEREIN BY [*****].

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. NONEXCLUSIVE VALUE ADDED DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

This Nonexclusive Value Added Distributor Agreement ("Agreement"), between ScanSource, Inc., a South Carolina corporation, with its principal place of business at 6 Logue Court, Greenville, South Carolina, 29615 ("Distributor"), and Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation with its principal place of business at 170 West Tasman Drive, San Jose, California 95134 - 1706, ("Cisco") is entered into as of the date last written below ("the Effective Date").

This Agreement consists of this signature page and the following attachments, each of which is incorporated into this Agreement by reference:

1. Nonexclusive Value Added Distributor Agreement Terms and Conditions 2. EXHIBIT A: Territory 3. EXHIBIT B: Value Added Distributor Support Exhibit 3.1 Appendix 1: Cisco Problem Prioritization and Escalation Guideline 4. EXHIBIT C: Software License Agreement 5. EXHIBIT D: Distributor Freight Policy 6. EXHIBIT E: Affiliate List 7. EXHIBIT F: Software Transfer and Relicensing Policy 8. EXHIBIT G: End of Life Policy

This Agreement is the complete agreement between the parties hereto concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and replaces any prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications between the parties. In the event of conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of an Exhibit hereto, the terms of the Exhibit shall govern. There are no conditions, understandings, agreements, representations or warranties, express or implied, which are not specified herein. This Agreement may only be modified by a written document executed by the parties hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed. Each party warrants and represents that its respective signatories whose signatures appear below have been and are on the date of signature duly authorized to execute this Agreement.

ScanSource,Inc. ("Distributor") Cisco Systems, Inc. ("Cisco") By: /s/ Jeffrey E. Yelton By: /s/ Frank A. Calderon Name: Jeffrey E. Yelton Name: Frank A . Calderon Title: VP Merchandising Title: VP, WW Sales Finance

Date: 1/19/07 Date: January 22, 2007

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

NONEXCLUSIVE VALUE ADDED DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1.0 DEFINITIONS.

Affiliate(s) are the entities listed on Exhibit E to this Agreement that are either business units of Distributor (and therefore wholly-owned and a part of Distributor) or are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Distributor, but in either case, only for so long as ownership remains as defined in this provision.

Cisco Quarter shall mean Cisco's fiscal quarters (August 1-October 31; November 1-January 31; February 1-April 30; and May 1-July 31).

Documentation shall mean user manuals, training materials, Product descriptions and specifications, technical manuals, license agreements, supporting materials and other printed information relating to any Product, whether distributed in print, in electronic form, or in CD-ROM or video format.

End User is the final purchaser or licensee who has acquired Products for its own internal use and not for resale, remarketing or redistribution. An entity that performs stocking, sparing or warehousing activities for third parties or procures Cisco Products, Services or Software for delivery to third parties is not an End User.

Global Price List means a complete listing of those Cisco products, services, including products and services which Cisco may make available to Distributor at its sole discretion, and associated prices.

Hardware is the tangible product made available to Distributor.

Major Release or New Release means a release of Software which is designated by Cisco as a change in the ones digit in the Software version number [(x).x.x].

Non-Genuine Products are any and all products: (i) to which a Mark or other Cisco trademark or service mark has been affixed without Cisco's consent; (ii) that have not been manufactured by Cisco or Cisco Technologies, Inc. ("CTI") or by a licensed manufacturer of either Cisco or CTI in accordance with the applicable license; or (iii) are produced with the intent to counterfeit or imitate a genuine Cisco Product

Obsolete Product shall mean any Product that is removed from the then-current Value Added Distributor Price List.

Purchase Order is a written or electronic order from Distributor to Cisco for Hardware, Software or Services to be purchased, licensed or provided under this Agreement.

Product means, individually or collectively as appropriate, Hardware, licensed Software, Documentation, developed products, supplies, accessories, and goods to the foregoing, listed on the then-current published Global Price List.

Reseller means an authorized reseller of Distributor that meets Cisco's then-current requirements for resellers, including, without limitation, the requirements set out in Section 26.0 of this Agreement. In the event Cisco enters into authorization agreements whereby Cisco authorizes particular resellers to purchase Products or Services from Distributor and to resell Products or Services to End User, then "Reseller" shall mean a reseller that is a party to such an authorization agreement.

Services means Cisco's SmartNet family of packaged service offerings, as well as such other service offerings as Cisco makes available for purchase by Distributor on Cisco's Wholesale or Global Price List.

Software is the machine readable (object code) version of the computer programs listed from time to time on the Wholesale or Global Price List and made available by Cisco for license by Distributor, and any copies or Updates thereof. Cisco reserves the right, during the term of this Agreement, to license and distribute items of Software from time to time. Such items of Software may be licensed under additional or different policies and license terms, which will be made available to Distributor. Notwithstanding the use of the term "purchase" to refer to any item of Software comprising or included within a Product, Cisco and Distributor agree that all Software provided by Cisco to Distributor under this Agreement is licensed by Cisco to Distributor rather than purchased by Distributor from Cisco.

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

Territory is comprised of those regions or countries listed in Exhibit A.

Unauthorized Cisco Product means any genuine Cisco Product or Cisco Service that Distributor purchases or acquires from any party other than Cisco and/or an Approved Source. Unauthorized Cisco Products do not include Non-Genuine Products.

Update means a bug fix, error correction, patch or workaround for the Software which is provided by Cisco to Distributor in response to Distributor's request, or at Cisco's option, which Cisco chooses to provide to Distributor.

Value Added Distributor Price List shall mean a portion of the Global Price List containing Products which Cisco makes available to Distributor for stocking and the prices at which Cisco will sell such Products to Distributor.

2.0 SCOPE. This Agreement and the attached Exhibits set forth the terms and conditions for Distributor's purchase of Hardware and license of Software, and redistribution of Products, during the term of this Agreement.

Affiliates of Distributor listed on Exhibit E may purchase Products, solely for redistribution, from Cisco under this Agreement. Distributor hereby guarantees the performance by such Affiliates of the financial and other contractual obligations set forth in this Agreement and represents and warrants that it is empowered to enter into this Agreement on behalf of such Affiliates, and to bind (and does so bind) such Affiliates to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Cisco may require certain of the listed Affiliates to execute an agreement with Cisco or an affiliate of Cisco such that the legal relationship shall be between Cisco or Cisco's affiliate and Distributor's Affiliate.

Any breach by Distributor or by an Affiliate of (i) this Agreement, or (ii) any other agreement between Cisco and Distributor or an Affiliate of either party, shall entitle Cisco to terminate this Agreement and/or any such agreement with Affiliate and/or any other Affiliate pursuant to Section 18.

The limit of liability set forth in this Agreement shall be deemed an aggregate limit of liability, not per Affiliate, regardless of whether an Affiliate or Affiliates has executed a separate agreement with Cisco or a Cisco Affiliate permitting such Affiliate to purchase under the terms of this Agreement.

In addition, any reporting requirements hereunder shall be performed solely by Distributor. All reporting information related to Distributor or any Affiliate(s) shall be aggregated and submitted as part of a single report, as required herein.

3.0 APPOINTMENT OF DISTRIBUTOR. 3.1 By this Agreement, Cisco makes, and Distributor accepts, the appointment of Distributor as an authorized, non-exclusive distributor of Products and Services to Resellers located in the Territory. Distributor agrees to use its best efforts to distribute Product solely to Resellers located in the Territory. Those Resellers may resell Product only to End Users who intend to use the Product in the Territory. All Resellers to which Distributor distributes Product must meet Cisco's then-current guidelines for Resellers, as amended from time to time.

3.2 Distributor is authorized to resell only those Products and Services which are listed on the Value Added Distributor Price List. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cisco may, in its discretion, make available for purchase and resale by Distributor, but not for stocking by Distributor, certain other products and/or services which are listed on the Global Price List. Upon such products or services being made available to Distributor, such products and services will be deemed to be Products and Services as defined herein.

3.3 Products Requirements. For new Products or Services added to the Global or Value Added Distributor Price List, including products or services which become available to Cisco as a result of an acquisition by Cisco of another entity, Cisco may impose certification, installation, or training requirements on Distributor prior to allowing Distributor to purchase, resell, or provide support for such Products or Services.

3.4 Distributor agrees not to solicit orders for Products or Services, or to engage salespeople or establish warehouses or other distribution centers for the redistribution of Products or Services, outside the Territory, except to the extent advertising is placed in a particular advertising medium (except catalogs) which is distributed both inside and outside of the Territory.

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

3.5 Unauthorized Cisco Products. Distributor acknowledges that the purchase and Resale of Non-Genuine or Unauthorized Cisco Products are not within the scope of this Agreement and Integrator is not entitled to the rights granted herein with respect to the resale of such Non-Genuine or Unauthorized Cisco Products. For all Unauthorized Cisco Products, Cisco reserves the right to withhold any warranty or Cisco Support on such products, unless such products pass a Cisco equipment inspection and Cisco receives payment for the applicable equipment inspection and/or software license fees, as required in the then​ current Software Transfer and Licensing Policy. A printed copy of the Software Transfe and Licensing Policy, in effect on the Effective Date of this Agreement and available at http://www.cisco.com/warp/public/csc/refurb_equipment/swpolicy.html, shall accompany this agreement. This policy is subject to change without notice. If Cisco determines that Reseller has Resold and/or redistributed Unauthorized Cisco Products purchased from Unauthorized Sources, then Cisco may, at Cisco's sole discretion: (a) audit Reseller's purchase and resale records of Cisco Product and relevant records pursuant to Section 17.0 (Reports and Records) and/or (b) invoice Reseller for all reasonable costs incurred by Cisco in its performance of the Audit and/or (c) suspend all Product shipments to Reseller.

4.0 ORDERS. 4.1 Upon and subject to credit approval by Cisco at the time of Cisco's receipt of any Purchase Order, Distributor shall purchase or license Products or Services by issuing a Purchase Order, signed, if requested by Cisco, or (in the case of electronic transmission) sent by its authorized representative, indicating specific Products and Services, Cisco Product numbers, quantity, unit price, total purchase price, shipping instructions, requested shipping dates, bill-to and ship-to addresses, tax exempt certifications, if applicable and contract reference, if any. No contingency contained on any Purchase Order shall be binding upon Cisco. The terms of this Agreement shall apply, regardless of any additional or conflicting terms on any Purchase Order or other correspondence or documentation submitted by Distributor to Cisco, and any such additional or conflicting terms are deemed rejected by Cisco.

4.2 Cisco shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide order acknowledgement information within [*****] business days for all Purchase Orders placed on Cisco.com or within [*****] business days of Purchase Orders faxed or hand delivered to Cisco. Cisco Customer Service will review and accept or decline all Purchase Orders for the Cisco entity that will supply the Products or Services, and no other person is authorized to accept Purchase Orders on behalf of Cisco. Cisco Customer Service may accept a Purchase Order even if some of the information required by Section 4.1 above is missing or incomplete. In relation to Services, Cisco will confirm acceptance of a Purchase Order for Services by issuing a list of Products covered by such Services (the "Equipment List").

4.3 Distributor may defer Product shipment for up to [*****] from the original shipping date scheduled by Cisco, provided written or electronic notice (issued, in either case, by an authorized representative of Distributor) is received by Cisco at least [*****] days before the originally scheduled shipping date. Cancelled Purchase Orders, rescheduled shipments or Product configuration changes requested by Distributor less than [*****] days before the original scheduled shipping date shall be subject to (a) acceptance by Cisco, and (b) a charge of [*****] of the total invoice amount relating to the affected Products. Cisco reserves the right to reschedule shipment in cases of configuration changes requested by Distributor within [*****] days of scheduled shipment. No cancellation shall be accepted by Cisco where Products are purchased with implementation Services, including design, customization or installation Services, except as may be set forth in the agreement or Statement of Work under which the Services are to be rendered.

5.0 SHIPPING AND DELIVERY 5.1 Scheduled shipping dates will be assigned by Cisco as close as practicable to the Distributor's requested date based on Cisco's then-current lead times for the Products. Cisco will communicate scheduled shipping dates in the order acknowledgement or on Cisco.com. Cisco will ship Product in compliance with Distributor Freight Policy set forth in Exhibit D. If no guidance is contained on Exhibit D for any particular shipment, Cisco shall select the carrier.

5.2 For shipments to the United States, shipping terms are [*****], which shall appear on Cisco's order acknowledgement or be accessible via Cisco.com. Title and risk of loss shall pass from Cisco to Distributor [*****]. For orders placed and/or shipments to destinations outside of the United States but within the Territory ("International Orders"), Distributor may need to contract with, and/or order from, a Cisco affiliate. Different shipping terms may apply to International Orders, as Cisco shall specify at the time and as shall be recorded in Distributor's agreement with such Cisco affiliate or otherwise set out on Cisco.com.

5.3 CISCO SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR LOSS, DAMAGE OR PENALTY FOR DELAY IN DELIVERY OR FOR FAILURE TO GIVE NOTICE OF ANY DELAY. EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE DELIVERY TERMS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, CISCO SHALL NOT HAVE ANY

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH SHIPMENT, NOR SHALL THE CARRIER BE DEEMED TO BE AN AGENT OF CISCO.

6.0 PAYMENT. 6.1 Prices for Products shall be those specified in Cisco's then-current Global or Value Added Distributor Price List. [*****] As provided in sub- section 3.2, in its discretion, Cisco may choose to make products or services which are on the Global Price List but not on the Value Added Distributor Price List available to Distributor. The prices for such products or services will be provided by Cisco to Distributor at the time Cisco makes such products available.

6.2 Upon and subject to credit approval by Cisco, payment terms shall be [*****] days from shipping date. All payments shall be made in the currency in which the Price List is quoted for the applicable Purchase Order [*****].

6.3 The purchase price does not include any federal, state or local taxes, or sales, use, excise, ad valorem, value-add, withholding or other taxes or duties that may be applicable to the purchase of Products. When Cisco has the legal obligation to collect such taxes, the appropriate amount shall be added to Distributor's invoice and paid by Distributor, unless Distributor provides Cisco with a valid tax exemption certificate prior to issuance of a purchase order. Such certificate must be in a form authorized by the appropriate taxing authority.

6.4 Distributor is free to determine its minimum resale prices unilaterally. Distributor understands that neither Cisco nor any employee or representative of Cisco may give any special treatment (favorable or unfavorable) to Distributor as a result of Distributor's selection of minimum resale prices. No employee or representative of Cisco or anyone else has any authority to determine what Distributor's minimum resale prices for the Products must be, or to limit Distributor's pricing discretion with respect to the Products and Services.

6.5 In the event any provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement between Distributor and Cisco require that Cisco grant credits to Distributor's account, Cisco will grant such credit to Distributor's account. [*****]. Cisco will only consider debit memos initially received from Distributor during the time period associated with such request, as set forth herein.

All debit memos Distributor submits to Cisco will be submitted using any method identified in 25.8, or as otherwise agreed between the parties.

6.6 Except as stated in Sections 7 (Price Protection), 12 (Inventory Balance), 13 (Return of Obsolete Product), 18 (Term and Termination) or as otherwise stated herein, for all price adjustment related credits requested by the Distributor to be granted by Cisco, the

6.7 Distributor must make the initial credit request to Cisco, in writing, within [*****] of the underlying point of sale transaction. Any initial credit requests submitted by the Distributor to Cisco greater than [*****] after the underlying point of sale transaction will not be honored by Cisco and Cisco will not grant such credit to Distributor.

7.0 PRICE PROTECTION. 7.1 Definition: For purposes of this Section 7.0, Products "In-Transit" shall be defined as all Products with a particular Cisco part number shipped by Cisco to Distributor in the [*****] day period prior to the date on which Cisco announces a general price decrease for Products with such part number, excluding those Products which Distributor has received into its inventory during such [*****] day period.

7.2 In the event Cisco puts into effect a general price decrease for any Product from the Value Added Distributor Price List, Cisco will provide to Distributor a price credit on any such Product on order, In Transit or in Distributor's inventory as of the effective date of the price decrease, provided that the price credit for such Product in inventory or In Transit shall not exceed the dollar value of shipments of that Product (measured by the appropriate Cisco product number) to Distributor over the preceding [*****]. Cisco will credit Distributor's account with an amount equal to the number of units of such Product in Distributor's inventory and In Transit on the effective date of a price decrease multiplied by the difference between the net price paid and the new net price. Distributor will have [*****] from the effective date of the price change to exercise protection under this program by issuing a request for credit memo with supporting documentation to Cisco. Claims for price protection submitted more than [*****] from the effective date of a price decrease will be rejected. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Product on order will receive an automatic retroactive price credit. The only inventoried Product covered under this price protection clause is Product which has been identified by Distributor to Cisco in the daily inventory reports required in sub-sub-section 17.2.2, excluding any Third-Party

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

Sourced Product. Cisco will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify Distributor within [*****] of all such pricing changes.

8.0 RESERVED

9.0 PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND SOFTWARE LICENSING. 9.1 Distributor's use of Software is governed by the terms contained in Exhibit C (End User License Agreement ("EULA")). For purposes of this Agreement, all references to "Customer" or "You" therein shall refer to Distributor.

9.2 Distributor shall notify Cisco promptly of any breach or suspected breach of the EULA and further agrees that it will, at Cisco's request, assist Cisco in efforts to preserve Cisco's intellectual property rights including pursuing an action against any breaching third parties.

10. WARRANTY. 10.1 C i s c o  P r o d u c t s  a r e  p r o v i d e d  w i t h  w r i t t e n  l i m i t e d  w a r r a n t i e s ,  a s  s e t  f o r t h  a t  t h e  f o l l o w i n g  U R L : http://www.cisco.com/warp/public/cc/serv/mkt/sup/tsssv/wnty/. Distributor will pass through to Resellers all written limited warranties provided by Cisco with Products purchased by Distributor and Distributor shall contractually require (in whatever manner Distributor deems appropriate) each such Reseller to provide such warranty and other terms to any End User to which the Reseller redistributes the Product.

10.2 In addition to the written limited warranty provided by Cisco with its Products, such warranty statement shall apply to Distributor during the period between when it receives a Product and when it resells or redistributes such Product,

10.3 Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, Cisco's sole and exclusive warranty and obligation with respect to the Products sold hereunder are set forth in Cisco's Limited Warranty Statement delivered with the Product. Distributor SHALL NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY COMMITMENT, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, ON CISCO'S BEHALF. Distributor shall indemnify Cisco against any warranties made in addition to Cisco's standard warranty and for any misrepresentation of Cisco's reputation or Cisco's Products.

10.4 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION 10.0, CISCO HEREBY DISCLAIMS AND DISTRIBUTOR WAIVES ALL REPRESENTATIONS, CONDITIONS AND WARRANTIES (WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY), INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION (A) OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY, OR SYSTEM INTEGRATION, OR (B) ARISING FROM ANY COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE IN THE INDUSTRY. TO THE EXTENT AN IMPLIED WARRANTY CANNOT BE DISCLAIMED, SUCH WARRANTY IS LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE APPLICABLE EXPRESS WARRANTY PERIOD.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS SECTION 10, CISCO MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, OR AS TO INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION THEREOF. DISTRIBUTOR'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES IN THE EVENT OF ANY SUCH INFRINGEMENT, MISAPPROPRIATION OR ANY CLAIM THEREOF SHALL BE AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 15 OF THIS AGREEMENT ("PATENT AND COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT").

11.0 TRADEMARKS. 11.1 Cisco grants to Distributor the right to use the name, logo, trademarks, and other marks of Cisco (collectively, the "Marks") for all proper purposes in the sale of Cisco Products and Services to End Users and the performance of Distributor's duties hereunder only so long as this Agreement is in effect. Distributor's use of such Marks shall be in accordance with Cisco's policies including, but not limited to trademark usage and advertising policies, and be subject to Cisco's written approval. Distributor further agrees not to affix any Marks to products other than genuine Products. Distributor shall have no claim or right in the Marks, including but not limited to trademarks, service marks, or trade names owned, used or claimed now or which Cisco has authority to grant Distributor the right to use in the future. Distributor agrees that upon notice from Cisco it will immediately terminate its use of a particular Mark.

11.2 Distributor shall not acquire, use, promote or Resell Non-Genuine Products. Additionally, Distributor shall

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

notify Cisco promptly of the existence, or suspected existence, of Non​ Genuine Products in possession of or promoted by third parties, and further agrees that it will, at Cisco's request, assist Cisco to diligently pursue any action against any third party in possession of or promoting Non- Genuine Products.

11.3 If Distributor acquires, uses, promotes or Resells Non-Genuine Products, Cisco may take one or more of the following actions, at Cisco's discretion: (i) invoice Distributor, and the latter further agrees to pay within [*****] of receipt of the invoice, for all reasonable costs associated with any Audit and/or any investigation carried out by Cisco or its independent accountants or investigators, that disclosed a material breach by Distributor of this Section, and/or (ii) require Distributor, [*****] of Cisco's request, to recall and destroy all Non-Genuine Products that Distributor has sold to Resellers and replace such products with legitimate, equivalent Products at Distributor's expense, (iii) require Distributor, within [*****] of receiving Cisco's written request, to provide Cisco with all details related to Distributor's acquisition of all Non-Genuine Products, including without limitation, its suppliers, shipping details and all buyers to whom Distributor resold Non-Genuine Products, and (iv) terminate this Agreement by notice with immediate effect.

12.0 INVENTORY BALANCE. For a [*****] period, beginning on the effective date of this agreement, Distributor has the option to return to Cisco, for credit, up to [*****] of the dollar value of Product listed on the Value Added Distributor Price List and shipped to Distributor in the preceding Cisco Quarter, net of credits issued by Cisco to Distributor. [*****] Cisco shall credit Distributor's account in the amount of the price paid by Distributor for returned Products, less any price protection credits issued to Distributor related to the Product returned (the "Return Credit"). Each of the following requirements must be met by Distributor:

12.1 [*****]

12.2 Distributor may submit the inventory balance claim between the first and [*****] calendar days of the following months: February, May, August, and November.

12.3 [*****]

12.4 Distributor shall bear all shipping and handling charges to the Cisco designated United States site for Product returned for credit;

12.5 Distributor shall obtain an RMA number prior to returning any Product to Cisco. Distributor shall follow Cisco's then-current RMA process; and

12.6 Distributor reports must be provided to Cisco in accordance with the requirements of sub- section 17.2.

[*****]

13.0 RETURN OF OBSOLETE PRODUCT 13.1 Cisco will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify Distributor, including by electronic posting, when a Product becomes an Obsolete Product.

13.2 Provided Distributor provides required reports to Cisco in accordance with Section 17.0 of this Agreement, Distributor shall have the right to return Obsolete Product for full credit under Cisco's then-current RMA Process. [*****]

13.3 Distributor must notify Cisco of the quantity of Obsolete Product to be returned to Cisco within [*****] of notification of obsolescence by Cisco. Such right to return is contingent upon return by Distributor of Obsolete Product within [*****] of such notification by Cisco. Such Product must be in new and unused condition and in factory sealed boxes.

13.4 [*****]

14.0 RESERVED

15.0 PATENT AND COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT. 15.1 Cisco will have the obligation and right to defend any claim, action, suit or proceeding ("IPR Claim") brought

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

against Distributor, its officers, directors, employees and agents ("Named Parties") so far as it is based on a claim that any Product supplied under this Agreement infringes Third Party IPR (as defined below). Cisco will indemnify Named Parties and hold harmless against any final judgment entered in respect of such an IPR Claim by a court of competent jurisdiction and against any settlements arising out of such an IPR Claim. Cisco's obligations to defend the IPR Claim and indemnify Distributor are conditional upon:

15.1.1 Distributor notifying Cisco promptly in writing of the IPR Claim or threat thereof; Distributor granting Cisco full and exclusive authority for the conduct of the defense and settlement of the 15.1.2 IPR Claim and any subsequent appeal; and 15.1.3 Distributor providing Cisco all information and assistance reasonably requested by Cisco in connection with the conduct of the defense and settlement of the IPR Claim and any subsequent appeal.

15.2 For the purposes of this Agreement, Third Party IPR means a United States copyright existing as at the Effective Date, a United States patent issued as at the Effective Date, a trademark registered in the United States as at the Effective Date, trade dress existing in the United States as at the Effective Date, or a claim that a Product is manufactured by means of misappropriation of a third party's trade secrets.

15.3 If an IPR Claim has been made, or in Cisco's opinion is likely to be made, Distributor agrees to permit Cisco, at its option and expense, either to: (a) procure for Distributor the right to continue using the Product; (b) replace or modify the Product so that it becomes non-infringing; or (c) immediately terminate both parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement with regard to the Product, in which case Distributor will return the Product to Cisco and Cisco will refund to Distributor the price originally paid by Distributor to Cisco for the Product, [*****].

15.4 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cisco has no liability for, and Distributor will defend and indemnify Cisco against, any IPR Claim arising from:

15.4.1 the combination, operation, or use of a Product supplied under this Agreement with any product, device, or software not supplied by Cisco; 15.4.2 the amount or duration of use which Distributor, a Reseller or an End User makes of the Product, revenue earned by Distributor, a Reseller or an End User from services it provides that use the Product, or services offered by Distributor, a Reseller or an End User to external or internal customers; 15.4.3 the alteration or modification of any Product supplied under this Agreement; 15.4.4 Cisco's compliance with Distributor's designs, specifications, or instructions; or 15.4.5 Distributor's use of the Product after Cisco has informed Distributor of modifications or changes in the Product required to avoid such an IPR Claim if the alleged infringement would have been avoided by implementation of Cisco's recommended modifications or changes.

15.5 This Section states the entire obligation of Cisco and its suppliers, and the exclusive remedy of Distributor, in respect of any infringement or alleged infringement of any intellectual property rights or proprietary rights. THIS INDEMNITY OBLIGATION AND REMEDY ARE GIVEN TO Distributor SOLELY FOR ITS BENEFIT AND IN LIEU OF, AND CISCO DISCLAIMS, ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS AND OTHER TERMS OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OR TITLE WITH RESPECT TO ANY PRODUCT.

15.6 [*****].

16.0 SUPPORT. Support shall be provided in accordance with Exhibit B. Distributor acknowledges that Cisco will not be responsible for warranty service and support except as specifically provided in Exhibit B or a Cisco support program (e.g., SmartNet).

17.0 REPORTS AND RECORDS. 17.1 With regard to both Distributor and Affiliates' activity, Distributor shall keep full, true, and accurate records and accounts, in accordance with generally-accepted accounting principles, of each Product or Service purchased and deployed, Resold, or distributed by serial number, including information regarding compliance with Cisco marketing and sales programs, Software usage, and export or transfer. Distributor shall make these records available for audit by Cisco upon [*****] prior written notice, during regular business hours, at Distributor's principal place of business or such other of Distributor's locations where Distributor may maintain relevant records. [*****].

All reporting and related obligations in this Section 17 apply to not only data regarding Distributor's activities, but also

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

the activities of the Affiliates. All such information shall be compiled into one report unless otherwise directed herein. The report(s) shall identify the specific Distributor entity involved in the subject transaction.

17.2 Reporting. [*****]

17.3 Distributor agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts, commensurate with the manner in which Distributor treats any of its other leading vendors, in order to facilitate Cisco's ability to obtain daily sales information from Distributor via EDI.

17.4 ECCN Numbers. Upon request by Distributor, Cisco agrees to make available to Distributor the Export Control Classification Number (ECCN) for each of Cisco's Product and information as to whether or not any of such Products are classified under the U.S. Munitions license.

17.5 Unauthorized Cisco Product. Distributor will not purchase Products for resale to any Reseller from any person or entity other than Cisco, provided that Distributor may accept returned Product from Resellers if Distributor initially sold the Product to be returned to such Reseller. [*****]

18.0 TERM AND TERMINATION. 18.1 This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below. Without prejudice to either party's right to terminate this Agreement as set forth in sub​ sections 18.2 to 18.5 below, Cisco may, by written notice to Distributor, given at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the then-current term of the Agreement, extend the term of the Agreement for the period set forth in such notice, up to a maximum of one (1) year beyond the then- current expiration date. Any extension shall be on the same terms and conditions then in force, except as may be mutually agreed in writing by the parties. In the event the Agreement expires and Cisco intends to not renew the Agreement, Cisco will provide written notice of same to Distributor. Notwithstanding Cisco's right to extend the term of this Agreement, each party acknowledges that this Agreement shall always be interpreted as being limited in duration to a definite term and that the other party has made no commitments whatsoever regarding the duration or renewal of this Agreement beyond those expressly stated herein.

18.2 Termination for Convenience. Either party may terminate this Agreement, without cause, by giving the other party [*****] days prior written notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cisco may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice in the event of breach by Distributor of Section 9.0 (Proprietary Rights and Software Licensing), Section 11.0 (Trademarks), Section 19.0 (Confidentiality) or Section 20.0 (Export Restrictions) of this Agreement.

18.3 A party may terminate this Agreement immediately through written notice if (i) the other party ceases to carry on business as a going concern; or (ii) the other party becomes or may become the object of the institution of voluntary or involuntary proceedings in bankruptcy or liquidation; or (iii) a receiver or similar officer is appointed with respect to the whole or a substantial part of the other party's assets; or (iv) an event similar to any of the foregoing occurs under applicable law.

18.4 Cisco may terminate this Agreement upon [*****] days' written notice, in the event it becomes known that (i) Distributor or an Affiliate or Distributor's direct or indirect parent has acquired or intends to acquire a controlling interest in a third party that is a competitor of Cisco, or (ii) Distributor or its direct or indirect parent is to be acquired by a third party, or (iii) a controlling interest in Distributor or its direct or indirect parent is to be transferred to a third party.

18.5 Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, (a) Cisco reserves the right to cease all further delivery of Product or Services due against any existing Purchase Orders unless Distributor agrees to pay for such deliveries in advance by certified or cashier's check, (b) all outstanding invoices immediately become due and payable by certified or cashier's check, and (c) all rights and licenses of Distributor hereunder shall terminate, subject to the terms of the following sentence. Except for a termination of this Agreement resulting from Distributor's breach of Section 9.0 (Proprietary Rights and Software Licensing) or Section 19.0(Confidential Information), upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Distributor may continue to use, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Products shipped to it by Cisco prior to the date of termination or expiration.

18.6 Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Distributor shall immediately return to Cisco all Confidential Information (including all copies thereof) then in Distributor's possession, custody or control; provided, that except for a termination resulting from Distributor's breach of Section 9.0 (Proprietary Rights and Software Licensing) or Section 19.0 (Confidential Information), Distributor may retain a sufficient amount of such Confidential Information and material

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

to support its installed base of Products.

18.7 [*****].

18.8 In the event of termination by Cisco for convenience, termination by Distributor for Cisco's material breach, or expiration of this Agreement where Cisco has provided Distributor with written notice from an authorized representative of its intention not to renew the Agreement, Cisco agrees to repurchase all Product in Distributor's inventory within [*****] days following the effective date of termination or expiration. Within [*****] days following the effective date of termination or expiration, Distributor shall return to Cisco all Product held in inventory as of the effective date of termination. Distributor shall receive credit for any Product so returned in an amount equal to the original purchase price thereof, less any credits or discounts which have been previously paid or applied to Distributor. Such credits shall be first applied to any uncontested amounts due Cisco. Any remaining balance shall be payable to Distributor as soon as commercially practicable. Cisco shall have the option to select the method of return and shall bear all freight costs associated with returns of Product by Distributor under this Section 18.8.

18.9 In the event of termination by Cisco for Distributor's material breach, or termination by Distributor for convenience, Cisco may, at its option, allow Distributor to return unsold Product, but Cisco is in no way obligated to do so. In the case of authorized return of Product by Cisco under Section 18.9, Distributor will bear all freight costs associated with return of Product to Cisco.

18.10 [*****]

Distributor shall obtain an RMA number prior to returning any Product to Cisco. Distributor shall follow Cisco's then-current RMA process.

18.11 DISTRIBUTOR AGREES THAT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, IT SHALL HAVE NO RIGHTS TO DAMAGES OR INDEMNIFICATION OF ANY NATURE, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING COMMERCIAL SEVERANCE PAY, WHETHER BY WAY OF LOSS OF FUTURE PROFITS, EXPENDITURES FOR PROMOTION OF ANY PRODUCT, OR OTHER COMMITMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE BUSINESS AND GOOD WILL OF DISTRIBUTOR. DISTRIBUTOR EXPRESSLY WAIVES AND RENOUNCES ANY CLAIM TO COMPENSATION OR INDEMNITIES FOR ANY TERMINATION OF A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, THIS SECTION SHALL IN NO WAY BE INTERPRETED TO RELEASE EITHER CISCO OR DISTRIBUTOR FROM ANY PAYMENTS OR FINANCIAL OBLIGATION MADE PRIOR TO TERMINATION.

19.0 CONFIDENTIALITY. Distributor acknowledges that, in the course of selling Products and Services and performing its duties under this Agreement, Distributor, its Resellers, and End Users to which Distributor provides access to Cisco technical data (including without limitation Products, Services, and technical data made available on Cisco Connection Online pursuant to Exhibit C), may obtain information relating to Products, Services, or to Cisco, which is of a confidential and proprietary nature ("Proprietary Information"). Such Proprietary Information includes, but is not limited to, trade secrets, know-how, inventions, techniques, processes, programs, schematics, software source documents, data, Customer lists, financial information and sales and marketing plans.

Cisco owns and intends to maintain its ownership of all such Proprietary Information. [*****] Distributor shall appropriately bind each of its employees to whom such disclosure is made, to hold the Proprietary Information in strict confidence and not to disclose such information to any person other than as is necessary in the course of its employment by Distributor and will indemnify Cisco for all damages suffered by Cisco in the event of wrongful disclosure of such Proprietary Information. Neither party shall disclose, advertise, or publish either the existence, the subject matter, any discussions relating to, or any of the terms and conditions, of this Agreement (or any summary of any of the forgoing) to any third party without the prior written consent of the other party. Any press release, publication, advertisement or public disclosure regarding this Agreement is subject to both the prior review and the written approval of both parties.

Cisco acknowledges that, under this Agreement, Distributor may provide Point of Sale ("POS") reports, financial information, sales and marketing plans, Distributor network design information and Distributor lists, of a proprietary and confidential nature ("Distributor Confidential Information"). Such Distributor information, excluding POS reports and Distributor lists, shall be used by Cisco only in connection with this Agreement. [*****] Cisco further agrees to immediately return to Distributor, at Distributor's request, all Distributor Confidential Information in Cisco's possession, custody, or control upon termination of this Agreement at any time and for any reason, except for POS reports or Distributor

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

lists that Cisco may use for internal business or end user support purposes or government-related purposes.

20.0 EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. Certain of the Products supplied by Cisco under the Agreement are subject to export controls under the laws and regulations of the United States (U.S.) and elsewhere. Distributor shall comply with such laws and regulations governing use, export, re-export, and transfer of Products and will obtain all required U.S. and local authorizations, permits, or licenses.

21.0 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. 21.1 Distributor shall obtain all licenses, permits and approvals required by any government, including any recycling or take-back programs applicable to packaging or Products, and shall comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, policies and procedures and any requirements applicable to the importation, exportation, use, sale, loan, purchase, and distribution of Products under telecommunications, consumer rights related, environmental, labor, tax, and any other laws and regulations, of any government or other competent authority where the Products are to be sold, used or deployed (collectively "Applicable Laws").

21.2 Distributor will indemnify and hold harmless Cisco for any claim arising from or relating to Distributor's violation or alleged violation of any Applicable Laws.

21.3 Distributor hereby represents and warrants that: (a) it shall comply with all Applicable Laws; (b) this Agreement and each of its terms are in full conformance and in compliance with such laws; and (c) it shall not take any action or permit or authorize any action which will render Cisco liable for a violation of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits the offering, giving or promising to offer or give, directly or indirectly, money or anything of value to any official of a government, political party or instrumentality thereof in order to assist it or Cisco in obtaining or retaining business and (i) it will not violate or cause Cisco to violate such Act in connection with the sale or distribution of Cisco Products or Services; and (ii) if Distributor is a non-governmental entity, it will notify Cisco in writing if any of its owners, partners, principals, officers, and employees are or become during the term of this Agreement officials, officers or representatives of any government, political party or candidate for political office outside the United States and are responsible for a decision regarding obtaining or retaining business for Cisco Products by such government. Cisco strives to maintain the highest standards of business integrity and, accordingly, if Distributor has any cause for concern regarding any business practices these should be reported to Cisco at [EMAIL ADDRESS] or by Fax to [FAX NUMBER].

21.4 Distributor shall use its best efforts to regularly and continuously inform Cisco of any requirements under any Applicable Laws that directly or indirectly affect this Agreement, the sale, use and distribution of Products, or Cisco's trade name, trademarks or other commercial, industrial or intellectual property interests, including, but not limited to, certification or type approval of the Products from the proper authorities in the Territory.

22.0 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, AND EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF DISTRIBUTOR'S BREACH OF SECTION 9 (PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND SOFTWARE LICENSING) OR EXHIBIT C (SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT), OR AMOUNTS DUE FOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PURCHASED WITH RESPECT TO THE PAYMENT OF WHICH NO BONA FIDE DISPUTE EXISTS, ALL LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY, INCLUDING EACH PARTY'S AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND SUPPLIERS COLLECTIVELY, FOR CLAIMS ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE HOWSOEVER ARISING SHALL BE LIMITED SEPARATELY FOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PURCHASES TO THE GREATER OF I) [*****] OR (ll)THE MONEY PAID TO CISCO FOR PRODUCTS OR FOR SERVICES, SEPARATELY AND AS APPLICABLE, UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE [*****] PERIOD PRECEDING THE EVENT OR CIRCUMSTANCES FIRST GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY. THESE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY FOR PRODUCT AND SERVICES ARE CUMULATIVE AND NOT PER-INCIDENT (I.E., THE EXISTENCE OF TWO OR MORE CLAIMS WILL NOT ENLARGE THIS LIMIT).

23.0 CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WAIVER. EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH DISTRIBUTOR'S BREACH OF SECTION 9 (PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND SOFTWARE LICENSING) OR EXHIBIT C (SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT), IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY, ITS RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LOST REVENUE, LOST PROFITS, OR LOST OR DAMAGED DATA, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

24.0 GENERAL INDEMNIFICATION Each party shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees), including without limitation, those based on contract or tort, arising out of or in connection with a claim, suit or proceeding brought by a third party based upon bodily injury (including death) or damage to tangible personal property (not including lost or damaged data) arising from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of the indemnifying party or its subcontractors, or the officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns of any of them. In the event that the indemnified party's or a third party's negligent or intentional acts or omissions contributed to cause the injury or damage for which a claim of indemnity is being asserted against the indemnifying party hereunder, the damages and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) shall be allocated or reallocated, as the case may be, between the indemnified party, the indemnifying party and any other party bearing responsibility in such proportion as appropriately reflects the relative fault of such parties, or their subcontractors, or the officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns of any of them, and the liability of the indemnifying party shall be proportionately reduced.

The foregoing indemnification obligations are conditioned upon the indemnified party promptly notifying the indemnifying party in writing of the claim, suit or proceeding for which the indemnifying party is obligated under this Section 24, cooperating with, assisting and providing information to, the indemnifying party as reasonably required, and granting the indemnifying party the exclusive right to defend or settle such claim, suit or proceeding.

25.0 INSURANCE (a) Each party shall be responsible for maintaining Worker's Compensation insurance in the statutory amounts required by the applicable state laws.

(b) Each party shall maintain Commercial General Liability insurance with bodily injury and property damage limits of $[*****] per occurrence and $[*****] aggregate. Such insurance shall (a) provide for contractual liability coverage, (b) provide for cross liability coverage, and (c) name the other party and its subcontractors, as well as the directors, officers, employees, agents, successors and assigns of all of them, as additional insureds, but only to the extent of liabilities falling within the indemnity obligations of the other party pursuant to the terms of Section 24 in this Agreement.

26.0 REQUIREMENTS FOR RESELLERS 26.1 [*****]

26.2 [*****]

27.0 GENERAL PROVISIONS. 27.1 Choice of Law. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement shall be controlled by and construed under the laws of the State of New York, United States of America, as if performed wholly within the state and without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law, and the state and federal courts of California shall have jurisdiction over any claim arising under this Agreement. The parties specifically disclaim the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may seek interim injunctive relief in any court of appropriate jurisdiction with respect to any alleged breach of such party's intellectual property or proprietary rights.

27.2 Force Majeure. Except for the obligation to pay monies due and owing, neither party shall be liable for any delay or failure in performance due to events outside the defaulting party's reasonable control, including without limitation acts of God, earthquakes, labor disputes, industry wide shortages of supplies, actions of governmental entities, riots, war, acts of terrorism, fire, epidemics, or delays of common carriers or other circumstances beyond its reasonable control. The obligations and rights of the defaulting party shall be extended for a period equal to the period during which such event prevented such party's performance.

27.3 No Waiver. The waiver by either party of any right provided under this Agreement shall

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

not constitute a subsequent or continuing waiver of such right or of any other right under this Agreement.

27.4 Assignment. Distributor may not assign or delegate its rights or obligations under this Agreement (other than (i) the right to receive any amount due, which shall be freely assignable, or (ii) to Distributor's parent or majority-owned subsidiary company of sufficient net worth to meet any potential liability under this Agreement) without the prior written consent of Cisco, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, provided that any such assignment shall not relieve Distributor of any obligation to pay monies that were owed Cisco prior to the date of the assignment.

27.5 Severability. In the event that one or more terms of this Agreement becomes or is declared to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, each such term shall be null and void and shall be deemed deleted from this Agreement. All remaining terms of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this paragraph is invoked and, as a result, the value of this Agreement is materially impaired for either party, as determined by such party in its sole discretion, then the affected party may terminate this Agreement by written notice with immediate effect to the other.

27.6 Attorneys' Fees. In any suit or proceeding relating to this Agreement the prevailing party will have the right to recover from the other its costs and reasonable fees and expenses of attorneys incurred in connection with the suit or proceeding, including costs, fees and expenses upon appeal, separately from and in addition to any other amount included in such judgment. This provision is intended to be severable from the other provisions of this Agreement, and shall survive expiration or termination and shall not be merged into any such judgment

27.7 No Agency. This Agreement does not create any agency, partnership, joint venture, or franchise relationship. No employee of either party shall be or become, or shall be deemed to be or become, an employee of the other party by virtue of the existence or implementation of this Agreement. Each party hereto is an independent contractor. Neither party has the right or authority to, and shall not, assume or create any obligation of any nature whatsoever on behalf of the other party or bind the other party in any respect whatsoever.

27.8 Notices. All notices required or permitted under this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed given one (1) day after deposit with a commercial express courier specifying next day delivery (or two (2) days for international courier packages specifying 2-day delivery), with written verification of receipt. All communications will be sent to the addresses set forth on the cover sheet of this Agreement or such other address as may be designated by a party by giving written notice to the other party pursuant to this paragraph. Notwithstanding the foregoing, notices regarding general changes in product status, pricing, policies, financial transactions or programs may also be made by posting on Cisco.com or delivery by e-mail or fax, as applicable. Cisco shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Distributor [*****] notice when introducing new Programs or Product or modifying Product pricing. Any notice regarding discontinuation of Product shall be pursuant to Cisco's then-current End of Life Policy, as found at http://www.cisco.com/en/US/products/products end-of-life policy.html. A current copy of this policy, as of the Effective Date of this Agreement, is attached hereto as Exhibit G. [*****].

27.9 Non-exclusive Market and Purchase Rights. It is expressly understood and agreed that this Agreement does not grant to Cisco or Distributor an exclusive right to purchase or sell Products and shall not prevent either party from developing or acquiring or selling competing Products of other vendors or customers.

27.10 Survival. Sections 6.0 (Payment), 10.0 (Limited Warranty), 19.0 (Confidential Information), 15.0 (Patent and Copyright Infringement), 18 (Term and Termination), 17.0 (Reports and Records), 20.0 (Export Restrictions), 22.0 (Limitation of Liability), 23.0 (Consequential Damages Waiver), 27.0 (General) and the license to use the Software set out in Exhibit C (Software License Agreement) (subject to the termination provisions set forth in Section 18.0) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

27.11 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and together which shall constitute one and the same instrument. A validly executed counterpart that is delivered by

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

one party to the other via electronic transmission (a "Counterpart Image") shall be valid and binding to the same extent as one delivered physically, provided that the valid signature is clearly visible in the Counterpart Image. In the event that a party delivers a Counterpart Image in place of an originally-executed counterpart, such party shall retain the originally-executed counterpart in its files for at least the duration of the Term hereof.

27.12 Headings. Headings of sections have been added solely for convenience of reference and shall not be deemed part of this Agreement.

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

EXHIBIT A TERRITORY

Territory: The United States, excluding its territories.

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

EXHIBIT B VALUE ADDED DISTRIBUTOR SUPPORT EXHIBIT

1.0 DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used in this Exhibit B have the meanings assigned to those terms in Section 1.0 of the Nonexclusive Value Added Distributor Agreement Terms and Conditions. Additional capitalized terms and the definitions assigned to those terms in this Exhibit B follow:

CCO means Cisco Connection Online, Cisco's online information web server.

Customer means End Users and Resellers.

Standard Business Hours means 6:00 AM to 6:00 PM Pacific Standard Time Monday through Friday, excluding Cisco-observed holidays, in the U.S. and Canada and outside the U.S. and Canada, means 8:00 AM to 6:00 PM Australia's Eastern Standard Time and Central European Time, Monday through Friday, excluding local Cisco-observed holidays.

TAC means Cisco's Technical Assistance Center.

2.0 CISCO RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS. For Products purchased under the Agreement, Cisco provides the services described below. [*****]

2.1 CCO Access. Cisco will provide DISTRIBUTOR with partner-level access to CCO.

2.2 Technical Support. [*****].

2.3 Updates. [*****].

2.4 Hardware Support. 2.4.1 Return for Replacement. During the Cisco warranty period, DISTRIBUTOR may return failed Product to Cisco for replacement. Cisco will use commercially reasonable efforts to ship a replacement within [*****] days after receipt of the failed Product from DISTRIBUTOR. After the end of the warranty period, parts will be charged at Cisco's then-current rates.

2.4.2 DISTRIBUTOR may request advance replacement delivery of replacement parts (Cisco will send the part upon DISTRIBUTOR's receipt of an RMA number) at Cisco's then-current Advance Replacement charge.

2.4.3 Product used for replacement may be new or equivalent to new, at Cisco's discretion.

2.5 Cisco Brand Services Option. Cisco will make available for purchase by DISTRIBUTOR, all appropriate Cisco Brand support Products for Distributor's internal use and for resale to Resellers. This option to resell Cisco brand services whereby services are delivered directly by Cisco to the End User is available in accordance with Cisco's then-current packaged service resale program. Availability of Cisco brand services is subject to geographic limitations. Information on w h e r e  s u c h  s e r v i c e s  a r e  a v a i l a b l e  f o r  r e s a l e ,  a s  w e l l  a s  t h e  p r o c e s s  f o r  r e s e l l i n g  C i s c o  b r a n d  s e r v i c e s  i s  l o c a t e d  a t "http://www.cisco.com/warp/cproreg/45/index.html".

3.0 DISTRIBUTOR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS. 3.1 Prioritization and Escalation Guideline. DISTRIBUTOR will escalate problems to Cisco pursuant to the Escalation and Prioritization Guideline (Appendix A).

3.2 Spare Parts. DISTRIBUTOR shall maintain sufficient spare parts inventory to support its Customer base for a one-month period under normal circumstances. DISTRIBUTOR shall maintain adequate manpower and facilities to assure prompt handling of inquiries, orders and shipments for Products.

3.3 Warranty Service. DISTRIBUTOR shall provide to its Resellers, [*****] all warranty service for a minimum

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

of the warranty period set forth in the published Product warranty provided with the original Product. Such warranty shall commence upon shipment to the End User. Warranty service will consist of Software and Hardware replacement service as follows:

3.3.1 Software Service. DISTRIBUTOR will use reasonable efforts to provide work​ around solutions or implement a Cisco-provided patch. DISTRIBUTOR will use reasonable effort to make latest release of all Cisco Software available to its resellers.

3.3.2 Hardware Advance Replacement. DISTRIBUTOR will ship replacement parts and/or Product to its Resellers in accordance with Cisco's then- current published Product warranty applicable to the particular Product.

3.4 Returns Coordination. DISTRIBUTOR will comply with the following: 3.4.1 DISTRIBUTOR shall coordinate the return of all failed parts and/or Product, freight and insurance prepaid, to the Cisco repair center specified by Cisco.

3.4.2 DISTRIBUTOR shall comply with the following RMA procedure: 3.4.2.1 DISTRIBUTOR will ensure all Products are properly packaged prior to being shipped, and will include a written description of the failure and specification of any changes or alterations made to the Product. Product returned to Cisco will conform in quantity and serial number to the RMA request.

3.4.2.2 DISTRIBUTOR shall tag each Product returned with the RMA transaction number and a brief description of the problem.

3.4.2.3 Cisco will not accept any Product returned which is not accompanied by an RMA number.

3.4.3 Title and risk of loss to failed Product and parts transfers to Cisco upon delivery to the Cisco repair center specified by Cisco.

3.5 Reseller Support. DISTRIBUTOR will ensure Reseller has all appropriate support as follows: 3.5.1 DISTRIBUTOR shall provide competent technical support staff to support the Product so as to ensure that the Reseller is able to provide the necessary support to the End User Reseller.

3.5.2 Reseller Frontline Support. DISTRIBUTOR will use best efforts to ensure that its Resellers provide high quality front-line support.

3.5.3 [*****] Cisco is not responsible for any claims arising from failure by Distributor's Resellers to provide this support.

3.5.4 Resale of Cisco Brand Services. Where available, DISTRIBUTOR will offer for purchase by its Resellers, all appropriate Cisco brand support products through its normal products availability process.

4.0 SERVICES NOT COVERED UNDER THIS EXHIBIT. 4.1 New Releases or Major Releases for Software.

4.2 Customization of existing Software for non-standard applications.

4.3 Support or replacement of Product that is altered, modified, mishandled, destroyed or damaged by natural causes or damaged during unauthorized use.

4.4 Software problems resulting from third party equipment or causes beyond Cisco's control.

4.5 Any hardware upgrade of Product required to accept Updates.

5.0 TERMINATION. Upon expiration or termination of the Agreement, (a) all rights and licenses of DISTRIBUTOR under this Support Exhibit shall terminate, (b) DISTRIBUTOR shall immediately discontinue all representations that DISTRIBUTOR

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

provides maintenance services for Cisco Product, and (c) DISTRIBUTOR access to CCO shall terminate.

6.0 SOFTWARE LICENSE. DISTRIBUTOR acknowledges that it may receive Software as a result of services provided under this Agreement. DISTRIBUTOR agrees that it is licensed to distribute such Software only on Product covered under the services and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Software license granted with the original acquisition. Except as otherwise specified in this Exhibit, DISTRIBUTOR shall not copy, in whole or in part, Software or documentation; modify the Software, reverse compile or reverse assemble all or any portion of the Software; or rent, lease, distribute, sell, or create derivative works of the Software.

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

APPENDIX 1 CISCO PROBLEM PRIORITIZATION AND ESCALATION GUIDELINE To ensure that all problems are reported in a standard format, Cisco has established the following problem priority definitions. These definitions will assist Cisco in allocating the appropriate resources to resolve problems. Distributor must assign a priority to all problems submitted to Cisco. [*****]

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

EXHIBIT D SCANSOURCE FREIGHT POLICY

TO: All SUPPLIERS SUBJECT: ROUTING INSTRUCTIONS In order to mm1m1ze inbound transportation cost, and to maximize control over transit time, tracing, and expediting, this routing guide has been issued. These instructions supercede all previous shipping instructions and are to be retained for ready reference.

For shipments of Catalyst Telecom and Paracon products: Contact:

Melinda Hamilton, Receiving Supervisor Phone: (800) 854-9570 ext. 8187 Fax: (901) 369-7876 Email: melinda.hamilton@partnerservicesinc.com

Ship to address: ScanSource, Inc. 4020 Quest Way, Ste. 114 Memphis, TN. 38115 Receiving hours: 7:00 am - 2:00 pm

For shipments of ScanSource and ScanSource Security products: Contact:

Deborah Lucas, Receiving Manager

Phone: (800) 854-9570 ext. 8111 Fax: (901) 367-0666 Email: deborah.lucas@partnerservicesinc.com

Ship to address: ScanSource, Inc. 4100 Quest Way Memphis, TN. 38115 Receiving hours 7:00 am - 12:00 pm (noon)

Note: A packing slip/manifest must be included with each shipment. It should include: a) A listing of products and quantities shipped b) Purchase order number (this must also show on the bill of lading) c) Date shipped d) Name of carrier e) Tracking or pro number

Please comply with the following instructions when transportation is our responsibility: 1. All freight charges assigned to ScanSource must be shipped "freight collect". For UPS shipments ship "bill recipient". Please consolidate all of one day's shipments on one bill of lading. Exceptions will be charged back. Cisco may accomplish this by leveraging an order grouping process and setting up internal tools accordingly. OG will only be available for LTL or TL carriers. In order to support OG, ScanSource must include a LTL and TL carriers in their routing config in SRC tool. If combined shipments do not meet the minimum requirement to ship LTL or TL (i.e. number pieces, min weight) then no grouping will be done. 2. Do not insure shipments or declare value for carriage. 3. Each bill of lading must display the total number of cartons in the shipment, i.e. 24 cartons on 1 pallet. Bill of lading must be filled out completely. Please accurately describe products with the appropriate NMFC code. If you do not have the NMFC information available, ask the carrier to identify it for you.

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

4. Indicate our purchase order number and number of boxes on all containers and shipping documents. 5. All pallets must be standard 40" wide X 48" long four way pallets. Primary fork entry from the 40" end. 6. Banding must be plastic, no metal. 7. Stack height on pallets is 48" maximum.

All freight bills are audited, and any premium transportation charges incurred because these instructions have not been followed will be charged to Cisco. The charges will be based on the actual premium paid. ScanSource agrees to provide Cisco with advance notice in the event such a charge becomes necessary. Cisco will have the opportunity to validate any such charge prior to actually incurring same.

If pickup service, via the carrier shown below, is not available in your area or if you have any other questions concerning this guide, please contact the ScanSource Traffic Department at (901) 362-0421, Bob Balsano. Your cooperation in following this program is appreciated.

STANDARD SURFACE TRANSPORTATION

I. Shipments, not individual cartons, weighing less than 250 lbs. and meeting the weight and size restrictions, must be shipped by United Parcel Service. II. Approved motor carriers for all LTL shipments from the States shown below are listed.

CARRIER SERVICING

FedEx Freight East Toll free number for pickups (800) 874-4723 -Alabama -Arkansas -Georgia -Illinois -Indiana -Kentucky -Louisiana -Minnesota -Mississippi -Missouri -New Jersey -North Carolina -Oklahoma -South Carolina -Tennessee -Texas -Virginia -West Virginia -Wisconsin

Con-way: Arizona California Colorado Oregon Washington

ALL REMAINING STATES Yellow Freight Toll free (800) 610-6500

PREMIUM ROUTINGS

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

ScanSource Purchasing or Traffic Department must authorize use of premium freight (air, special truck, truckload) in advance. All premium shipments must state the total number of cartons in the shipment and the correct dimension of each carton.

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

EXHIBIT E

AFFILIATE LIST

The following entities are either business units of Distributor or are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Distributor. For the purposes of this Agreement, and as set forth in Section 1 ("Definitions"), all such entities listed below shall be referred to herein as "Affiliate(s)."

1. ScanSource, Inc. 2. ScanSource, Inc. d/b/a Catalyst Telecom 3. ScanSource, Inc. d/b/a Paracon 4. ScanSource Security Distribution, Inc. 5. T2 Supply, Inc.

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

EXHIBIT F

Software Transfer and Relicensing Policy September 15, 2000 This document sets forth Cisco's policy with respect to the transferability of any Cisco software ("Software"). A transfer occurs when: (1) the original or authorized subsequent licensee tries to convey or reassign its right to use the Software to another entity, or (2) the original lessor of Cisco used hardware (including bundled Software) ("Hardware") tries to reassign the original lessee's right to use the Software to another lessee, or the lessor tries to convey or reassign its right to lease the Hardware and Software bundle to another lessor. A rental would be treated the same as the lease situation as described in item 2 above.

This policy applies to all Software whether Standalone or Embedded. Standalone Software is Software which is not required to operate the Hardware upon which it resides (i.e., ICSG software such as call center, unified messaging, network management software). Embedded Software is Software which is incorporated into the Hardware and is required for its operation (i.e., operating system software, certain features of IOS).

Policy:

Cisco's policy is that Software, whether Standalone or Embedded, is not transferable, except where a listed exception below applies, and except, of course, where Cisco's contract expressly allows it. Any other transfers will require the payment of a new license fee (see Global Price List). For products where there is no separate line item for the Software (i.e. the prices for both the Hardware and Software are bundled), and therefore, a fee cannot be determined, an exception will be made to allow for the transfer without the customer being required to obtain a new license (the customer may be required to pay an inspection fee), if (A) Software to be transferred (i) will be under a support contract provided by either Cisco or a Cisco​‐ authorized support partner or (ii) is still supported by Cisco; or (B) approval from the theatre Sales Controller has been obtained.

Use of the Software will be governed by either the original license terms and conditions in place between Cisco and the original Software licensee or by the new license between Cisco and the new user. Cisco may withhold its consent to any transfer not conforming to this policy.

License Fee:

The License Fee is generally the same amount as the fee charged for a new license or a portion of the fee of a new license, unless otherwise noted on the Global Price List.

It is the obligation of the transferor to obtain Cisco's consent and/or a new license before the transfer occurs.

Exceptions:

Provided the conditions of transfer are met as set forth below, the follow exceptions apply to the prohibition against transfer without written approval and payment of the applicable fee. These exceptions may be overridden by express terms in an applicable licensing agreement governing the transferability of Special License Software (Special License Software is the term now used in our templates to refer to ICSG Product)

Affiliate: An entity may transfer its right to use a certain piece of Software to its Affiliate. An Affiliate is another entity where at least 50.1% of its voting power is owned or controlled by the transferring entity or where as least 50.1% of the transferring entity's voting power is owned or controlled by the transferee.

Merger or Acquisition: An entity may transfer its right to use a certain piece of Software to the purchaser of all or substantially all of the capital stock of the transferor or all or substantially all of the assets of that portion of the transferor's business to which those licenses pertain. Lease: In a leasing situation where the original lessee/customer would like to buy out the equipment from the leasing company during or at the end of the lease term, the original lessee/customer may retain the license without paying a new License Fee, provided leasing company gives Cisco prior written notice. Also, if the original lessee/customer defaults under the lease and the leasing company takes the equipment back before the end of the lease term, the leasing company may transfer the license to the another lessee for the remainder of the original lease term, without paying Cisco a License Fee, upon 30 days' prior written notice to Cisco, or as soon as practicable if the equipment is re-leased before such 30- day period. If the new lease term is in

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

excess of the original lease term, the leasing company is expected to pay Cisco a new License Fee on or before the expiration date of the original lease term. [NOTE: In the situation where a leasing company leases Cisco equipment to Customer A for a specified term and at the end of the lease term, the leasing company desires to lease the same equipment to Customer B, leasing company may not transfer the license without obtaining a new license from Cisco.)].

Outsource: Customer desires to outsource the operation, support and maintenance of its network to a third party (e.g. EDS) ("Third-Party Service Provider"), for the benefit of that customer. As part of the outsourcing, customer transfers all of its rights, title and interest to the assets, including certain Cisco products and software licenses, to the Third-Party Service Provider. Customer may transfer the license to the Third-Party Service Provider solely for the purposes of providing services to Customer upon 30 days' prior written notice to Cisco.

All notices should be sent to sw-license@cisco.com or as indicated in the agreement between Cisco and the customer or transferor, if any.

Conditions of Transfer:

Transfers, in any event, shall only be allowed under the following conditions:

◦ The parties involved in the transfer are not in breach of the agreement governing the use of the Software or any other agreement with Cisco;

◦ Any additional services or charges incurred by Cisco as the result of any transfer shall be borne by the transferor and transferee; and

◦ The parties involved in the transfer shall provide written prior notice of a permitted transfer to Cisco and the transferee shall, in a writing to Cisco, (i) assume all of the obligations of the transferor, and (ii) agree that transferee's use of the Software shall be governed by the terms of the then-current license agreement between Cisco and transferor or, at Cisco's sole discretion, by the terms of Cisco's then-current standard license agreement.

Questions?

Any questions or comments regarding this policy should be sent to sw-license@cisco.com.

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

EXHIBIT G

Cisco End of Life Policy

Products reach the end of their Product Life Cycle for a number of reasons. These reasons may be due to market demands, technology innovation and development driving changes in the product, or the products simply mature over time and are replaced by functionally richer technology. While this is an established part of the overall product life cycle, Cisco Systems recognizes that end-of-life milestones often prompt companies to review the way in which such end-of-sale and end-of-life milestones impact the Cisco products in their networks. With that in mind, we have set out below Cisco's end-of-life policy to help customers better manage their end-of-life transition and to understand the role that Cisco can play in helping to migrate to alternative Cisco platforms and technology.

The End of Life Policy only applies to End of Life and End of Sale announcements made in all Theaters on or after November 30, 2002 for all Cisco product lines. The Policy does not apply to product that is already subject to an End of Life and/or End of Sale announcement. The general policy guidelines are:

1. As a general rule, Cisco will provide 6 months' notice of the affected product's end-of-sale date and/or the last day when the affected product can be ordered. This notice will appear on Cisco.com site (http://www.cisco.com/en/US/products/prod_end_of_life.html) and we encourage you to visit this site regularly as it contains useful information regarding Cisco's end-of-life program. Sign up to receive notification here: http://www.cisco.com/pcgi-bin/Support/FieldNoticeTool/field-notice

2. Access to Cisco's Technical Assistance Center (TAC) will be available 24 hours a day, seven days a week for a period of 5 years from the end-of-sale date for hardware and operating system software issues and for a period of 3 years from the end-of-sale date for application software issues.

3. Spares or replacement parts for hardware will be available for a period of 5 years from the end-of​ sale date. We will provide spares and replacement parts in accordance with our Return Materials Authorization (RMA) process.

4. Software support will be as follows

a. For the first year following the end-of-sale date, we will provide bug fixes, maintenance releases, workarounds, or patches for critical bugs reported via the TAC or Cisco.com Web site.

b. After the first year and for Operating System SW -where available- we will provide bug fixes, maintenance releases, workarounds or patches for a period of 4 years for operating system software. Bear in mind that it may be necessary to use software upgrade release to correct a reported problem.

c. After the first year and for Application SW -where available - we will provide bug fixes, maintenance releases, workarounds or patches for a period of 2 years for application software. Bear in mind that it may be necessary to use software upgrade release to correct a reported problem.

5. You will need to ensure that you have a current and fully paid support contract with Cisco. Please contact your Support Account Manager regarding fees payable during the end-of-life period so that we can support you right through the end-of-life transition period.

6. Below are guidelines that should be followed to ensure that you receive effective support for the affected products within your network:

a. For hardware or software that is not covered under a service contract, customers may add the product(s) to a current contract or purchase a new contract until 12 months after the end-of-sale date.

b. Service contracts that have not been renewed or have lapsed after 12 months of end-of​ sale date are not re-newable.

c. Renewal of your service contract will generally be available until the last year of support, but will not extend

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019





Exhibit 10.38

beyond the last date of support.

The end-of-life milestones and Cisco commitments are presented in Table 1.

Table 1. Standard Guideline for End-of-Life Milestones Milestone - 6 mos Day 0 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 year 5 Year

End-of-sale date

End-of-Sale Notice Period

Operating System Software Maintenance Support See 4(a) See 4(b) above

Add or attach new service contracts

Renew service contracts - for HW & Operating System SW

Hardware Repair or Replacement

Customer Service and Support of HW & Operating System SW (TAC access & support)

Application Software maintenance support See 4(a) See 4(c) above

Renew service contracts - for Application SW

Here is an explanation of some of the terms that we have used in this notice: End of Product Life Cycle: A process that guides the final business operations associated with the product life cycle. The end-of-life process consists of a series of technical and business milestones and activities that, once completed, make a product obsolete. Once obsolete, the product is not sold, manufactured, improved, repaired, maintained, or supported.

End-of-sale date: The last date to order the product through Cisco point-of-sale mechanisms. The product is no longer for sale.

Hardware: The physical product and its physical components.

Operating System Software: Cisco operating system software that runs on Cisco hardware Application software: Cisco software that requires the presence of some non-Cisco operating system software.

Software Maintenance support: The time period that Cisco may release any software maintenance releases or bug fixes to the software product. After this date, Cisco Engineering will no longer develop, repair, maintain, or test the product software.

Source: SCANSOURCE, INC., 10-K, 8/22/2019
